The president justified his proposal by the delays verified in the peace process , including the fact that areas under Unita control or occupation have not been effectively demilitarised , where the Unita military forces have been substituted by their so-called police .	Unita ! org ; Unita ! org ;
CLEVELAND 79 53 .598 -	CLEVELAND ! org ;
The Dow Jones industrial average opened slightly higher on Monday , boosted by Philip Morris , which gained four to 92 .	Dow Jones ! mix ; Philip Morris ! org ;
Richardt 's Mitsubishi skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators .	Richardt ! person ; Mitsubishi ! org ;
+11 Steve Schneiter 77 74 ) through 18 )	Steve Schneiter ! person ;
Frederic Vitoux ( France ) beat Ramon Delgado ( Paraguay ) 6-4 6-4 7-6 ( 7-3 )	Frederic Vitoux ! person ; France ! location ; Ramon Delgado ! person ; Paraguay ! location ;
Two Americans , seventh seed Todd Martin and unseeded Alex O'Brien , will meet on Friday after winning matches on Thursday .	Americans ! mix ; Todd Martin ! person ; Alex O'Brien ! person ;
Malaysia bans nitrofuran usage in chicken feed .	Malaysia ! location ;
GACETA DE LOS NEGOCIOS	GACETA DE LOS NEGOCIOS ! org ;
ABC	ABC ! org ;
Leftist Mexican armed group says troops in capital .	Mexican ! mix ;
14. Olivier Panis ( France ) Ligier 1:54.220	Olivier Panis ! person ; France ! location ; Ligier ! org ;
Patricia Vowinkel	Patricia Vowinkel ! person ;
JERUSALEM 1996-08-27	JERUSALEM ! location ;
Horst Siegl ( 24th , 48th , 80th ) , Zdenek Svoboda ( 76th ) , Petr	Horst Siegl ! person ; Zdenek Svoboda ! person ; Petr ! person ;
Colombo estimates more than 50,000 people have been killed in the war between government forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam rebels in the island 's north and east .	Colombo ! location ; Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ! org ;
Hungarian first division	Hungarian ! mix ;
" I have told Bangladesh leaders that British goverment has attached serious importance to the resolution of the tragic death of Siraj Mia , " Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Liam Fox Fox , told reporters .	Bangladesh ! location ; British ! mix ; Siraj Mia ! person ; Commonwealth ! org ; Liam Fox Fox ! person ;
" I do n't normally do this but can you please sign , " he said thrusting an ornate white book in front of Americans Harrison Dillard ( 1948 ) , Lindy Remigino ( 1952 ) , Jim Hines ( 1968 ) , Trinidad 's Hasely Crawford ( 1976 ) and Britain 's Allan Wells ( 1980 ) .	Americans Harrison Dillard ! mix ; Lindy Remigino ! person ; Jim Hines ! person ; Trinidad ! person ; Hasely Crawford ! location ; Britain ! person ; Allan Wells ! location ;
The Bosnian election is set for September 14 and voting began on Wednesday for most of the 600,000 Bosnians living abroad .	Bosnian ! mix ; Bosnians ! mix ;
The officials said New Party Sakigake President Masayoshi Takemura , finance minister until the beginning of this year , promised his resignation in a meeting with the politician who set off the rebellion in the smallest coalition member .	New Party Sakigake ! org ; Masayoshi Takemura ! person ;
TORONTO 62 70 .470 13	TORONTO ! org ;
Neemuch n.a Yellow - -	Neemuch ! location ;
He also said Franny Weld 's best friend , Tracy Roosevelt , might have something to do with her politics .	Franny Weld ! person ; Tracy Roosevelt ! person ;
Orii - 96/97 group forecast .	Orii ! org ;
Tenacity 70 24/08 Mideast / South Korea W145 Samsung .	Tenacity ! org ; Mideast ! location ; South Korea ! location ; Samsung ! org ;
A header from Helmer and an acrobatic strike from Klinsmann gave Bayern a two-goal cushion at halftime .	Helmer ! person ; Klinsmann ! person ; Bayern ! org ;
Chad parliamentary election set for November 24 .	Chad ! location ;
Peter Hedblom ( Sweden ) 70 75 , Pedro Linhart ( Spain ) 72 73 ,	Peter Hedblom ! person ; Sweden ! location ; Pedro Linhart ! person ; Spain ! location ;
Israel 's outgoing peace negotiator with Syria said on Thursday current tensions between the two countries appeared to be a storm in a teacup .	Israel ! location ; Syria ! location ;
Rios claimed a 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over Romania 's Andrei Pavel .	Rios ! person ; Romania ! location ; Andrei Pavel ! person ;
" It 's a win that I can be proud of , " said the 30-year-old Swede , winner of two U.S. Opens and six Grand Slam titles in all . "	Swede ! mix ; U.S. ! location ; Grand Slam ! mix ;
NICOSIA 1996-08-24	NICOSIA ! location ;
Major League Baseball	Major League Baseball ! mix ;
- Slovenian police briefly detain two Bosnian opposition leaders in Ljubljana and cancel opposition political rallies in Ljubljana and Maribor .	Slovenian ! mix ; Bosnian ! mix ; Ljubljana ! location ; Ljubljana ! location ; Maribor ! location ;
16 die as bus crashes in Pakistani Kashmir .	Pakistani Kashmir ! location ;
Vac 0 Vasas 1	Vac ! org ; Vasas ! org ;
MUZAFFARABAD , Pakistan 1996-08-25	MUZAFFARABAD ! location ; Pakistan ! location ;
BOMBAY 1996-08-22	BOMBAY ! location ;
To the delegates of Wisconsin , a leading dairy state , Gore had the right audience in poking fun at Dole 's comparison to addiction to tobacco to those who ca n't tolerate milk .	Wisconsin ! location ; Gore ! person ; Dole ! person ;
( $ =1,000 Guinean francs )	Guinean ! mix ;
German troops to remain in Bosnia for 1997--Ruehe .	German ! mix ; Bosnia ! location ; 1997--Ruehe ! mix ;
SOCCER - ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE SUMMARY .	ENGLISH ! mix ;
FLORIDA 58 69 .457 21 1/2	FLORIDA ! org ;
6. Jans Koerts ( Netherlands ) Palmans	Jans Koerts ! person ; Netherlands ! location ; Palmans ! org ;
London 's annual Notting Hill Carnival , the largest in Europe and second in the world only to Rio , ended peacefully on Monday with an estimated 800,000 revellers singing and dancing the day away in high spirits .	London ! location ; Notting Hill Carnival ! mix ; Europe ! location ; Rio ! location ;
Paris Saint-Germain 4 3 1 0 4 0 10	Paris Saint-Germain ! org ;
6 - MaliVai Washington ( U.S. ) beat Alex Corretja ( Spain ) 6-4	MaliVai Washington ! person ; U.S. ! location ; Alex Corretja ! person ; Spain ! location ;
CHESAPEAKE , Va .	CHESAPEAKE ! location ; Va ! location ;
His appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to oust Iliescu was unlikely to succeed , analysts said .	Iliescu ! person ;
own goal ) , Miroslav Bak ( 62nd and 63rd )	Miroslav Bak ! person ;
Results of Major League	Major League ! mix ;
Bochum 1 Arminia Bielefeld 1	Bochum ! org ; Arminia Bielefeld ! org ;
One of them negotiated through the pilot in English .	English ! mix ;
6-mth Helibor 3.56 pct 3.55 pct	Helibor ! mix ;
Wigan 22 19 1 2 902 326 39	Wigan ! org ;
Clinton 's Ballybunion fans invited to Chicago .	Clinton ! person ; Ballybunion ! org ; Chicago ! location ;
When it approved Avonex in May , the FDA said both Biogen 's product and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases .	Avonex ! mix ; FDA ! org ; Biogen ! org ; Betaseron ! mix ; Ophran Drug Act ! mix ;
Matahari revises down 1996 net target .	Matahari ! org ;
U.S. Producer list / transaction prices	U.S. ! location ;
Constructorul win on away goals rule .	Constructorul ! org ;
Sokol Tychy 7 4 0 3 14 15 12	Sokol Tychy ! org ;
The U.S. diplomat in charge of elections in Bosnia announced on Tuesday that voting for municipal assemblies would be postponed because of irregularities by the Serbs in registering voters .	U.S. ! location ; Bosnia ! location ; Serbs ! mix ;
Casey told a news conference in Chicago on Tuesday he had asked to speak again this year but was turned down .	Casey ! person ; Chicago ! location ;
