Excel can work with multiple worksheets within a single workbook, or with multiple workbooks, but you'll find comparing the lists easier if you copy their information onto a single worksheet.; , If your two lists don't share a common way to identify them, you may need to add an additional column to each data list that identifies that item to Excel so that it can see if an item in a given list is related to an item in the other list. The nature of this identifier will depend on the kind of data you are trying to match. You will need an identifier for each column list.   For financial data associated with a given period, such as with tax records, this could be the description of an asset, the date the asset was acquired, or both. In some cases, an entry may be identified with a code number; however, if the same system is not used for both lists, this identifier may create matches where there are none or ignore matches that should be made. In some cases, you can take items from one list and combine them with items from another list to create an identifier, such as a physical asset description and the year it was purchased. To create such an identifier, you concatenate (add, combine) data from two or more cells using the ampersand (&). To combine an item description in cell F3 with a date in cell G3, separated by a space, you'd enter the formula '=F3&" "&G3' in another cell in that row, such as E3. If you wanted to include only the year in the identifier (because one list uses full dates and the other uses only years), you'd include the YEAR function by entering '=F3&" "&YEAR(G3)' in cell E3 instead. (Do not include the single quotes; they are there only to indicate the example.) Once you've created the formula, you can copy it into all other cells of the identifier column by selecting the cell with the formula and dragging the fill handle over the other cells of the column where you want to copy the formula. When you release your mouse button, each cell you dragged over will be populated with the formula, with the cell references adjusted to the appropriate cells in the same row.  While the mind recognizes that "Inc." and "Incorporated" mean the same thing, Excel doesn't unless you have it re-format one word or the other. Likewise, you may consider values such as $11,950 and $11,999.95 as close enough to match, but Excel won't unless you tell it to.   You can deal with some abbreviations, such as "Co" for "Company" and "Inc" for "Incorporated by using LEFT string function to truncate the additional characters. Other abbreviations, such as "Assn" for "Association," may best be dealt with by establishing a data entry style guide and then writing a program to look up and correct improper formats. For strings of numbers, such as ZIP codes where some entries include the ZIP+4 suffix and others don't, you can again use the LEFT string function to recognize and match only the primary ZIP codes. To have Excel recognize numeric values that are close but not the same, you can use the ROUND function to round close values to the same number and match them. Extra spaces, such as typing two spaces between words instead of one, can be removed by using the TRIM function.  Just as you had to create columns for the list identifiers, you'll need to create columns for the formula that does the comparing for you. You'll need one column for each list.   You'll want to label these columns with something like "Missing?"  , For the comparison formula, you'll use the MATCH function nested inside another Excel function, ISNA.   The formula takes the form of "=ISNA(MATCH(G3,$L$3:$L$14,FALSE))", where a cell of the identifier column of the first list is compared against each of the identifiers in the second list to see if it matches one of them. If it doesn't match, a record is missing, and the word "TRUE" will be displayed in that cell. If it does match, the record is present, and the word "FALSE" will be displayed. (When entering the formula, do not include the enclosing quotes.) You can copy the formula into the remaining cells of the column the same way you copied the cell identifier formula. In this case, only the cell reference for the identifier cell changes, as putting the dollar signs in front of the row and column references for the first and last cells in the list of the second cell identifiers makes them absolute references. You can copy the comparison formula for the first list into the first cell of the column for the second list. You'll then have to edit the cell references so that "G3" is replaced with the reference for the first identifier cell of the second list and "$L$3:$L$14" is replaced with the first and last identifier cell of the second list. (Leave the dollar signs and colon alone.) You can then copy this edited formula into the remaining cells in the comparison row of the second list.  If your lists are large, you may need to sort them to put all the non-matching values together. The instructions in the substeps below will convert the formulas to values to avoid recalculation errors, and if your lists are large, will avoid a long recalculation time.   Drag your mouse over all the cells in a list to select it. Select Copy from the Edit menu in Excel 2003 or from the Clipboard group of the Home ribbon in Excel 2007 or 2010. Select Paste Special from the Edit menu in Excel 2003 or from the Paste dropdown button in the Clipboard group of Excel 2007 or 2010s Home ribbon. Select "Values" from the Paste As list in the Paste Special dialog box. Click OK to close the dialog. Select Sort from the Data menu in Excel 2003 or the Sort and Filter group of the Data ribbon in Excel 2007 or 2010. Select "Header row" from the "My data range has" list in the Sort By dialog, select "Missing?" (or the name you actually gave the comparison column header) and click OK. Repeat these steps for the other list.  As noted previously, Excel is designed to look for exact data matches unless you set it up to look for approximate ones. Your non-match could be as simple as an accidental transposing of letters or digits. It could also be something that requires independent verification, such as checking to see if listed assets needed to be reported in the first place.	Copy the data lists onto a single worksheet. Give each list item a unique identifier. Standardize data where possible. Create columns for the comparison formula. Enter the comparison formula in each cell. Sort the lists to see non-matching values more easily, if necessary. Compare the non-matching items visually to see why they don't match.
During sleep, the skin repairs that damage. Because of this, the amount of sleep you get has a direct and visible effect on the appearance of your skin. It’s recommended that healthy adults should get between seven and nine hours of sleep every night. Aim to get a minimum of seven hours daily.Getting enough sleep can help slow down the appearance of aging skin. It also reduces stress levels, which can contribute to premature aging of the skin. Sleep deprivation can make mature skin look dull and lifeless. It may also exacerbate other skin conditions, such as acne and rosacea., When you must touch your face, such as when you’re washing it or applying skin-care products, thoroughly wash your hands with soap and warm water first.   Never squeeze or pinch at acne blemishes and avoid picking at your skin. Both of these habits can unfortunately result in permanent scarring, especially for mature skin.  As skin ages, oil production diminishes.This can leave it looking dry and dull. Combat this by keeping yourself well-hydrated every day. The daily recommended amount of fluid for healthy adults is approximately 13 cups (3 liters) for men and 9 cups (2.2 liters) for women. Try to get a large amount of your hydration from water, but beverages fruit juices, sports drinks and tea and foods that contain water (like watermelon) can also keep you hydrated.   Take in an additional 1.5 to 2.5 cups (400 to 600 milliliters) of fluids on days when you exercise or sweat more than usual., Ultraviolet (UV) rays from the sun have been proven to accelerate the aging of skin and a large amount of visible aging is directly caused by sun damage. Use a broad-spectrum sunscreen with a minimum of SPF 30 on your face and neck every day — rain or shine. If you’re planning to spend time in the sun, apply sunscreen all over your body and reapply it every couple of hours.   Whenever possible, wear sun-protective clothing, a wide-brimmed hat and sunglasses for additional defense. Try to stay out of direct sunlight for significant periods of time — look for shady areas.  Smoking will make your skin dry and your complexion dull. It contributes to premature aging, most significantly around the mouth, and causes skin to become less supple.   If you’re a smoker, talk to your doctor about smoking cessation options. If you’re not a smoker, do your best to avoid second-hand smoke.  Everyone’s skin is different, and a dermatologist can evaluate yours and offer customized suggestions and solutions. If you’ve tried OTC retinoid products and are unsatisfied with the results, a dermatologist can recommend different products or prescribe stronger retinol formulas.	Get plenty of rest.Your skin faces trauma, toxins and environmental damage every day. Avoid touching your face and squeezing blemishes.Touching your face will transfer bacteria and oil residue to your skin, which can cause breakouts and other pore-clogging issues. Stay hydrated. Protect your skin from the sun.Sun protection is crucial for mature skin. Avoid smoking cigarettes.Cigarette smoke contains harmful chemicals and toxins that damage the skin, regardless of your age; however, these damages become more significant over time. Visit a board-certified dermatologist.If you’re concerned about your skin, or if you’re seeking other solutions, make an appointment to see a dermatologist.
The game requires at least three players, and more than seven or eight makes it take too long. Ask people to play that you know will get into the spirit of a game that can get embarrassing and weird! Now you can even play with your friends through an app (see the citation) -- but it might not be as fun if you’re not face to face., Explain the game and the kinds of things you do. Let people know it’s ok to decline to play. For those who are ok with it, gather the players into a circle. Sitting on the floor or at a table is a good way to get organized. Make sure you get comfortable., Write them down so that you can refer back to them if there are questions. One popular rule lets players choose the same thing only twice in a row. For example, if they choose truth two times in a row, their next turn has to be dare. It’s important to have ground rules beforehand -- both what you should and shouldn’t do -- so that you don’t get held up discussing it once the game begins.   What kinds of questions will be off-limits (if any)? Where can dares occur? Do people have to watch the person perform the dare? Can dares involve people not in the game? Can dares be done in the presence of adults? What kinds of limits will you place on the dares? Are we going to go around in a circle or spin the bottle so the player who is answering or doing the dare is chosen randomly?	Choose your players. Make sure no one is uncomfortable before you begin. Agree to a set of rules.
Shoulder cuts have rich, dark meat that packs a lot of flavor. Because this cut is naturally high in fat, it's perfect for braising. However, you can also pan cook it regularly, so long as you tenderize it first.   Due to the fact that this cut is rich in fat and other connective tissue, moist, high heat works best when cooking. You may be more familiar with the shoulder cut by one of its other names: the blade chop, blade-end pork loin chop, or pork steak., The rib chop comes with a large eye of loin meat, but lacks tenderloin meat. There will be a bone running along one side of this cut that is often covered in a thin layer of fat. This cut will be relatively lean and have a mild flavor.Since rib chops are a leaner cut, quick cook methods work well to seal in moisture in the meat. These include grilling, broiling, sear-roasting, and more. You'll find that rib chops are among the more tender cuts of pork chop you can buy. If tenderness is your preference, rib chops should be near the top of your list.  Loin chops require a little more babysitting than other varieties. A t-bone will divide the loin meat from the tenderloin meat, and since these meats cook at different rates, you'll have to keep a close eye on them while cooking. The meat will be lean and have a mild flavor of pork.   This cut of meat, also being on the lean side, will benefit from quick cooking methods like grilling, broiling, sear-roasting. If you purchase top loin chops, these cuts will not have tenderloin meat included., Some people dislike meat served with a bone. Additionally, younger children might struggle with cutting around bone-in cuts. In these cases, a boneless pork chop will work perfectly. Expect the meat to be lean, and the flavor to be mild.   Boneless pork chop cuts are also known by as an America's cut or a pork loin fillet. These cuts will have very little marbling, fat, and connective tissue, which means there will be a greater risk of overcooking. For this cut, you should consider brining your pork chop., This cut will have pieces of hip and backbone in it. The meat of this cut is comprised of many different muscle groups. It has a very strong pork flavor and, as the meat can be tough, it should be slow cooked to encourage tenderness.   Slow, moist heat will best break down the tissues in a sirloin chop, softening the tough meat into a delicious meal. Keep this cut in mind for braises and stews.	Select a shoulder chop for rich flavor. Purchase rib chops for lean meat and mild flavor. Choose loin chops if you have time for careful cooking. Opt for boneless chops for picky eaters. Save sirloin chops for slow cooking situations.
You want to stand with your feet a little further apart than your shoulders. Bend your knees and curve your back so that your chest is upright, forcing your butt to stick out a little. You should be standing on your toes and ready to move in any direction in a split second.If someone were to push you while in your passing position, you should easily be able to move a foot to save you. They should be able to tap you and cause you to fall toward one direction or the other.; , Now, bend your elbows half way. You should look as though you’re holding a large box with your palms facing up. This makes it possible to pass with either your forearms or your hands in a split second decision.  Now that you have your ready position down, work on the form for passing with your forearms, or platform. Take one hand and place it flat on the other. Next, take your thumbs and have them meet in the middle. Cup your fingers, and point your thumbs away from you. Try to get your thumbs as far from your body as possible, this will straighten your arms and force your forearms up to create your platform. You always want your platform to be straight.   Try squeezing the sides of your elbows together to give you a straighter platform. If you’re double jointed, you might even be able to perfectly match up both forearms.  You always want the ball to go back into the court when you’re passing. Therefore, whichever leg is nearest the outside of the court will be the one you lead with. This will face your platform toward the court.   Stepping doesn’t require standing straight up. Stay low as the ball comes to you.  Watch the ball come over the net and onto your platform. Never look away from the ball.  As the ball falls onto your platform, be keep the angle between your arms and torso steady. You want to use your legs to lift the ball, don’t swing your arms.   Swinging your arms creates inconsistency in where your pass will go. You need very strong legs to stay low and pass correctly. Follow through to target. As you straighten your legs to move the ball, be aware of the way you’re facing. If you’re facing the target, you’ve done it correctly., Even after you pass the ball and watch it go to your target, you want to stay low and be ready for the ball to come back at you. When playing in the back row, you should never be standing straight up unless the official has blown the whistle and the play has just ended.  When preparing to set, your feet should be shoulder width apart with a slight bend in your knees. You should, once again, be on your toes and ready to move., You should have your right shoulder next to the net. Keep yourself square to the net, no matter where the ball goes along it. This ensures that you’re facing where you want the ball to go.  When setting, your thumbs and forefingers should form a triangle. This is the hand positioning you should be waiting in when the ball is coming into your setting area. Keep your hands in the shape of a ball. If you keep your fingers straight you will not only be called for illegal setting form, but you also put yourself at risk of injury.   Have your hands ready. As soon as the ball begins to come toward you, your hands should be up by your head. When first starting out, tap your thumbs to your forehead before you set each ball.  As the ball comes to you, you want to use your wrists to “accept the ball.” You aren’t allowed to hold it, but accepting the ball gives you the ability to control where you’re going to put it. Keeping your hands at forehead level will help you to have proper setting form. This will keep you from holding the ball for too long.  Just as with passing you want to use your legs to move the ball, not your arms. Although your arms will straighten as you push through the ball, the power of your set should be coming from your legs.   Release the ball cleanly. The ball should only be in your fingers for a second. Using your legs, push the ball to the spot you want it to go to. Push through your legs, tighten your abdominals, and use your arms to direct the ball. You should finish in almost a superman position. Make sure the ball has minimal spin, because the officials will call you for a double contact if the ball spins more than one full rotation.  Before you can think about hitting, you must be able to take a proper approach. Start back on the attack line with your feet next to each other at a 45 degree angle to your setter.These directions will be for righties, if you are a lefty, do the mirroring movement. Take your right foot and take a large first step. From here, take a big and powerful step onto your left foot. You should be about 3 feet away from the net at this point. Then take your right foot and quickly match it to your left foot. As you land on these two feet, your legs should be bent and ready to jump.   Use your arms to help your approach. Start with them in front of you and swing them back as you come to your last two steps of your approach. They should be fully extended behind you before you take off for your jump.  You don’t want to use your momentum to drive you forwards or you’ll jump into the net. Use your legs and arm swing to propel you up.  As you jump, pull your right arm back passed your face. Keeping your elbow up, swing toward the ball. Always keep your eye on the ball.  As you swing through the ball, you want a strong wrist. If your wrist is weak and flimsy, the ball won’t make it over the net. Using your abdominal and shoulder muscles, put your power through the ball and swing through. You should finish by landing on the ground with your arm swinging all the way through.   Hand contact is the most important part to placing the ball. Placing the ball is what will score your points. Practice hand contact by standing 20 feet from a wall, tossing a ball up, and hitting it into the corner of the floor and the wall. Try to get the entire surface of your hand on the ball at once., If your spacing is awkward, or the ball is in the wrong spot for you, you can tip the ball. This is when you tap the ball just enough to get over the block and watch it fall gently on the ground behind them.	Use the proper stance. Hold your arms in “ready position.” Using your proper stance, extend your arms straight in front of you. Learn to pass with your platform. Step forward with your outside leg. Keep your eye on the ball. Use your legs. Stay low and be ready. Use proper footwork. Square up with the net. Use the proper hand form. Accept the ball. Use your legs. Master footwork. Jump upwards. Pull your arm back. Keep your wrist strong. Tip if you need to.
A Release of Liability is exactly what it sounds like. It releases one person from the liability of the mortgage and hence, removes that person’s name from the mortgage.The person staying on the mortgage will need to demonstrate that he or she can pay the monthly payment.  Typically, items like pay stubs, tax returns, and bank statements are submitted to show a person’s financial situation. The lender will also check the credit history and score for the person staying on the mortgage.  Read the Release of Liability thoroughly to ensure it releases you from liability for the mortgage. It is advisable to get an attorney to review the document. An attorney can also prepare and file property records transferring the property from you to the other person.	Contact your lender to request a Release of Liability. Submit documentation to the lender proving the financial status of the person staying on the mortgage. Receive the Release of Liability documentation from your lender.
If you're not automatically logged in, follow instructions to register your phone number., It's the gear (⚙️) icon at the bottom-right of the screen., It's next to a "chat bubble" icon in the menu.,,, All the chats, including text and media, will be deleted from your device.	Open WhatsApp. Tap Settings. Tap Chats.Tap Delete All Chats.Enter your phone number. Tap Delete All Chats.
Above all, your car should be light. The smaller the mass of your car, the better — every gram or milligram you can shave off of your car's frame is a little further your mousetrap will be able to push your car. Try not to have any extra frame material beyond what's necessary to keep your mousetrap and wheel axles in place. If you see wasted space on your frame, try removing it, or, if this is impossible, make holes in it with a drill to bring its weight down. You'll also want to use the lightest material possible for your frame. Here are just a few suitable ones:   Balsa wood Hard plastic sheets Thin, light metal sheets (aluminium/tin roofing material, etc.) Building toys (K'NEX, Legos, etc.)  , Ideally, you want your car to be shaped aerodynamically — that is, so that it presents the smallest possible surface area in the direction it will travel. Like an arrow, a longboat, an airplane, or a spear, a vehicle that's designed with maximum efficiency in mind will almost always have a long, skinny shape to minimize drag from air resistance.For the purposes of your mousetrap car, this will mean making your frame both narrow (though it will be difficult to get your frame any narrower than the mousetrap itself) and vertically skinny.   Remember, to minimize drag, you're trying to give your car the narrowest, smallest profile possible. Try getting down on the ground and looking at your car from the front to spot pieces of the frame that make your car's profile unnecessarily large.  Wherever you can, try to use glue in your car's design, rather than nails, pins, or other heavier solutions. For instance, you should only need to use just a few small spots of glue to fix your mousetrap to the frame. Generally, glue will hold just as well as nails, which can add unnecessary weight.   Another advantage of glue is that it shouldn't usually affect your car's air resistance. On the other hand, if either end of a nail sticks out of your frame, it can have a minor effect.  The only limiting factor when it comes to how light and skinny you can make your mousetrap car's frame is its fragility — if it's too light, it may become so fragile that the action of springing the mousetrap breaks the car apart. The delicate balance between achieving the maximum distance and making your car unstable can be quite tricky to get right, but don't be afraid to experiment. The mousetrap itself is unlikely to ever break, so as long as you have extra frame material, you'll have the freedom to make mistakes.   If you're using an extra-fragile material like balsa wood and you're having a hard time getting your frame to hold together, consider adding a small strip of sturdier material like metal or plastic on the underside of the frame. Doing this increases the structural strength of the car while minimizing the change to its air resistance and weight.	Build the lightest frame possible. Make the frame long and narrow. Use glue instead of nails wherever possible. Keep your frame's structural integrity in mind.
If you have dry or damaged hair, you can replenish it while you sleep by applying a hair mask. Most will require you to wash your hair the next morning, so make sure you have time to do so.To keep the products in your hair, you may want to wrap it in a towel, a t-shirt, or even cellophane wrap. These products might stain your pillowcase, so be sure to protect it with a towel if you're concerned about your wrap not staying put.; , If you don't want to splurge on an expensive hair mask, you can make your own at home. Homemade hair masks are even messier than store-bought ones, so be sure to wrap your hair securely and give yourself plenty of time to wash it the next morning. You can find a variety of recipes online, but some common moisturizing ingredients include the following:Avocado Mayonnaise Olive oil Raw egg Shea butter Aloe vera Yogurt Pumpkin Banana Coconut oil Milk  , To wake up in the morning with beautiful waves, try pinning your hair up in small buns or braids before you go to sleep. You can also try wrapping your hair around a headband. In the morning, let your hair down, apply a bit of styling product if necessary, and you'll be ready to go.Depending on your hair type, you may want to apply a light hair spray, curling product, or even tanning oil to help it hold the wave.  No matter what kind of hair you have, you can help keep it looking great between shampooing by tying it up in a silk scarf before bed.If you don't want to wear a scarf to bed, try sleeping on a silk pillowcase. It will create much less friction than a cotton pillowcase, which means less frizz.	Apply a store-bought hair mask. Make your own conditioning treatment. Create waves. Banish frizz.
Every time your Pokémon fights in a battle, even if it’s only for a single turn, it will gain EV points from that battle. Because of this, you will want to be very careful about using your Pokémon in battles until they have maxed out their EVs. Only bring out your EV training Pokémon when you encounter a beneficial battle.   Each type of Pokémon will give your Pokémon different EV points when they battle. Know which Pokémon give which EV points and only fight if those are EV points that you want.  In the early stages of EV training, your Pokémon may not be able to defeat the Pokémon it needs to in order to gain the EV points you want. You can deal with this in a few ways. One way is to get an Exp. Share, which when held by a Pokémon will give it the experience and EVs from a battle even if it does not fight. Another trick is to use the Pokémon in only one round and then switch it for another, stronger Pokémon.  Some Pokémon give only 1 EV point when they are battled, while some give 3 points!If you want to EV train your Pokémon quickly, try to have them battle the Pokémon who give the most points in the stat you are trying to improve.   For example, fighting a Nidoqueen gives 3 EV points to HP, while fighting a Machamp gives 3 EV points to Attack. Keep in mind, however, that while some Pokémon may give a high number of EV points in a particular stat, those Pokémon may be hard to find. You may be better off fighting Pokémon which are easy to encounter but still give at least a point or two in the stat (or stats) you want.	Pick your battles carefully. Switch Pokémon if you need to. Fight the right Pokémon.
Do not use ammonia if your ring contains other gems besides diamonds. Diamonds are hard gems, which won’t be damaged by ammonia. If your ring includes softer materials like opals, emeralds, pearls, or onyx, you should stick to a cleaning method that doesn’t include ammonia.You can find out the hardness of gemstones by looking up their rating on a gem hardness scale. However, you should know for certain that the stones in your ring are the natural gemstones you’re identifying them as. If in doubt, use a gentler cleaning method such as soap and water instead, or consult with a professional jeweler first to verify what stones are in your ring., Fill a glass bowl with equal parts cold water and ammonia. Don’t fill the bowl all the way to the top, or you won’t be able to move the bowl easily without spilling it. Put your ring into the bowl of solution. Set the bowl somewhere away from children and pets and allow your ring to soak for 30 minutes.After half an hour, put on rubber gloves and plug the sink drain before you retrieve the ring. Or, remove the ring with tongs.  Once you’ve soaked your ring to loosen any built-up grime, it’s time to scrub that grime away! Fill a glass bowl about 3/4 full with hot water. Add a splash of ammonia and a squirt of dishwashing liquid – exact measurements aren’t needed. Just don’t pour so much ammonia that you can’t handle the strong odor of it., Wear gloves to protect your hands. Use a light scrubbing motion to clean the ring with a soft-bristled toothbrush.Clean well on the inside of the ring underneath the setting. Scrub the back of any diamonds if you can, and pay special attention to any hard-to-reach nooks., Rinse your ring in a bowl of plain water. Make sure that you rinse it well enough that all of the solution is washed away. Plug the sink drain before attempting to retrieve the ring. Set your ring aside in a secure place to air dry.You can use a dry lint-free cloth or blow dryer if you want to resume wearing the ring immediately.	Make sure your ring is compatible. Soak the jewelry in diluted ammonia. Make a scrubbing solution. Gently clean the ring. Rinse and dry the ring.
Place the mouse pointer over the line that separates the column headers for columns B and C. Click and drag the line between the B and C headers to the right to increase the width of column B by roughly double. Repeat this process to widen columns C through M.; , Click in cell B2 and type "Monthly Inventory January (Year)." Select cells B2 through D2 and press the Wrap Text button on the Alignment menu in the toolbar. Click the Merge and Center button, the Top Align button and the Align Text Left button.   Highlight the newly merged cell and select the format brush from the clipboard menu on the far left-side of the toolbar. Click and drag cells F through H to copy the title formatting. In the newly merged cell, type "Total Cost of Goods."  , Type "Quantity" in cell B3, "Product" in cell C3, "Units" in cell D3, "Previous," in cell E3, "Build To" in cell F3, "Case Price" in cell G3, "Unit Price" in cell H3, " # Sold" in cell I3, "Sales Cost" in cell J3, "Rank" in cell K3, "% of Sales" in cell L3 and "Reorder #" in cell M3.  Select cells B3 through M3 and click the Wrap Text button, the Merge and Center Button, the Top Align button, the Align Text Left button, and the Bold button on the formatting toolbar.	Adjust the column width. Enter the title, the column headings and the text. Enter the column text. Format the column headers.
You will need a clear table or a workbench, a box cutter and possibly some cardboard scissors. Although you can complete the job with box cutters, a good pair of cardboard scissors, such as Fiskars or Canary scissors, may make the job a little easier., An igloo is a traditional type of home that is made from blocks of ice, which are stacked on top of one another. It is traditionally dome shaped, with a circular floor area and one entrance. Instead of blocks of ice, you will be using layers of cardboard. However, the basic dome shape and single entrance will be the same for your cat igloo.To make the dome shape, you will have to vary the size of the layers of cardboard., If you are designing a unique cat igloo, you will need to determine the dimensions for the outer diameter (outside walls), inner diameter (inner walls) and opening or door to the igloo.Design it so that your cat has enough room to crawl and move around in the igloo.   The inner diameter should be at least 37.5 centimeters (15 inches)., The first six layers should gradually increase in size and will form the floor of the igloo. Since these layers form the floor, you will not need to cutout the inside diameter. In other words, there are no inner diameters to consider for the first six layers., You want to make the igloo wide enough so that your cat can easily enter and exit the building. Take the opening into account when designing layers 7-27.From layer 7-16, the size of the opening should gradually expand. At layer 7, the width should be 15.7 centimetres (6.18 inches). The largest width, at layer 16, should be 20 centimetres (7.8 inches). From layer 17-27, the width of the opening should gradually decrease until it is about 4 centimetres at layer 27.  The walls of the igloo are comprised of layers 7-39 of cardboard. You want to design the walls so that they slowly expand and then decrease in diameter.   Layers 7-16 should gradually increase in size to create a roomy interior. For these layers, you will need to cut out the interior diameter so that the inside of your igloo is empty. While increasing the diameter of each successive layer, you will need to maintain a consistent wall thickness of approximately 10 cm (3.9 inches).Layers 17-39 should decrease in size to create the dome shape. Once you get to layer 17, start decreasing the diameter of each layer. This will give your igloo a dome shape., The roof of the igloo is comprised of layers 40-45. For these layers, you will not need to cut out the inner diameter. Blocks of cardboard should be stacked on top of one another to form a solid roof.  Use a large compass to draw these dimensions directly onto the cardboard. After drawing the specific dimensions, write the number of the layer on the sheet so that you know where to place it during the construction phase.For the first six layers and the last five layers, you will just need to draw out the outer diameter. For layers 7-27, you will need to draw the outer diameter, inner diameter and the entrance dimensions. For layers 28-39, you will need to draw the outer and inner diameter. If you do not own a compass, you could make your own compass by attaching two clamps to a small piece of 1’’ by 3’’ wood. Place a screw under one of the clamps for the center of the compass and then a pencil under the other clamp for drawing the circles.If you make a regular size cat igloo, you will need about forty five layers of cardboard.  Use the cardboard scissors or box cutters to cut each layer of cardboard. If you are using the box cutters, remember to cut away from you, so that you don’t injure yourself. Cut along the lines you have drawn for the outer and inner diameter of the igloo. Depending on the layer, you will also need to cut out the entrance., To determine the accuracy of your work, you should stack the layers of your igloo prior to applying any glue. Following the numbers you have assigned to each layer, stack the cardboard layers in the appropriate order. After stacking each layer, you should have a dome shaped structure with a central entranceway., If everything looks good, you can go ahead and glue each layer together. Cover the top of the first layer with paper glue and then place the second layer on top. Then, cover the top of the second layer with glue and place layer three on top. Repeat this process until you have glued together all of the layers of your cat igloo., To compress the igloo and improve the drying process, you can place a few books or other heavy objects on top of the igloo. This also helps ensure adequate contact between the layers of cardboard., Leave the igloo for a few hours to let it dry. If it is a cold day or there is not a lot of air circulation, you could turn on a fan in the room where you are working.To determine the correct drying time, read the label on the glue you are using, such as tacky glue, school glue or super glue.	Put together your work area. Figure out the shape of an igloo. Review the measurements for your cat igloo. Make the floor of the igloo. Design the opening of the cat igloo. Make the walls of the igloo. Layout the roof of the igloo. Draw the dimensions onto each piece of cardboard. Cut the cardboard layers. Stack the layers. Glue the pieces together. Place a few books on top of the igloo. Let the igloo dry.
There was a beta time in AJ, and it returned.  Wear items like the necklace, tiara, or wings. Rares were not available during Beta testing as there were no Rare Item Mondays.	Dress for a Beta Party:   Wear beta items!, Do not wear rares.
In a clique there are 5 types of people, Omega, Delta, Gamma, Beta, and Alpha. Although you want to be the Alpha in the clique, each has their special role in the clique that stitches the clique so tight together.   The Alpha. The queen bee. The puppet master. This girl pulls all the strings, inside and even outside the clique. She is the mastermind and is often described as manipulative, ruthless, and a bitch. Which is why people aren't attracted to her because of her traits, it's usually because of her status. You hate her, but you love her so much. She's pretty, gets whatever she wants, and is popular. And everybody wants to be her, which means people stab her in the back frequently for a chance to be on the top. So while being the Alpha is fun and glam, it sure can be a pain. The Beta. The vice-president of the group. Although this role isn't as glamorous the Alpha is, it's much more easier as you don't have to make the decisions, just make sure the others follow that decision. She is considered the clone to the Alpha, and will basically do anything the Alpha says. She gives the Alpha all the latest drama and gossip and always keep her up-to-date. While Betas are said to be easy to control, like everyone else, they wish to rule, and sometimes if an Alpha doesn't treat her Beta right, she may stab you in the back and take over. The Gammas. The followers. They aren't fully happy with their role, because being a Gamma means you don't have a choice in what you say or do, but you are invited to most of the parties and usually know all the gossip in the circle. The Gammas wish to be the Alpha, but they all know that if they mess with the Beta/Alpha too much in the wrong way they can easily be turned into an Omega, or even worse.. kicked out of the group. So it's easier to stay the way you are, after all, it's better than not being in the group! The Deltas. The clique-crashers. They come and go, and sometimes depending on how uptight your clique is you may never even have Deltas at all. These girls are popular and funny, and don't exactly belong to a clique, they are just known everywhere. So giving them a place to eat and a few extra ears for them to talk to is worth it as it increases the clique's status. They are usually jokesters and very social, so they entertain the clique for the time being. They rarely ever officially join the clique, but if they did, they would usually start as a Gamma. The Omegas. The outsiders. The fringes of the clique. No one knows for sure how they got in. There isn't a special trait about them really. They aren't that pretty, they aren't that funny, and they aren't that popular. No one really likes the Omegas, maybe the Deltas or Gammas, but not in a best friend way. They are just there for some reason, and they are unavoidable. Like house flies, you spray bug-repellant everywhere in your house but they keep coming in and you don't know how. And like house flies are, they are annoying. They are usually pretty immature and clueless. The members often leave her out of social events and hardly tell her any good gossip. The Alpha also tends to use her to do her dirty work and will convince the Omega she will like her more if she does, even though she never does. And like all the other members, she desperately wants to be the Alpha, but usually Omegas don't know where to start. But if you are reading this article and you are an Omega, soon you will.; , And why do people like her so much when she's so mean sometimes? There are three things which causes people to be attracted to you in this order: Looks, Personality, and Status.   Learn the looks. AKA Ugly or Pretty. The first thing a person looks for in a friend is how they look. It's a no-brainer, really. Let's say you are at a new school and don't know anyone there, and before school starts there are a few groups of people talking. Half of the groups have messy hair, some acne, and not a good fashion sense. The other half has silky hair, a perfect complexion, and the cutest clothes. So who do you want to talk to? Group 1 or Group 2? The answer is obvious, group 2. For some reason, humans think that pretty people usually mean they are happy and successful in life, and that is the type of person people want to talk to. Learn the Personality. AKA Good or Evil. Once you talk to the pretty, popular kids they invite you to sit with them at lunch (for new kids: populars love meeting new people, the more in their squad the better). You meet the alpha, and at first she seems super nice. But the longer you stay the more you realise how dark the mean the Alpha can be. As you are walking to class, a younger kid walks past and the Alpha "accidentally" elbows him and whispers "Nerd". The girls laugh and walk away, and since you don't want to be excluded, you follow. Then one day you talk to one of the omegas and she tells you how the Alpha told everyone that she was taking weight pills so she wouldn't get fatter. You start to feel sick around these girls, but there is one reason why you stay. Status. AKA Popular or Unpopular. No matter what happens, there is usually that final factor which determines whether you stay with that group of friends or not, their status. Let's say one day in class you start to talk with a few other girls and they are all funny and nice. There is hardly any drama and they overall just seem like good people. So you would think, "Why not just leave the mean, popular girls for them?". The thing is, everyone wants to be popular. So although those one girls you met in class the other day are nice, they aren't popular. And even though the popular girls are mean and manipulative, being popular is like being royalty. Everyone knows who you are, you get to go to the latest parties, and you always know the hottest gossip. So why become a villager in the kingdom when you are a princess?  , Is she super pretty? Does she know everyone? Is she really sporty? Is she rich? Usually the difference between an Alpha and a Gamma is the Alpha has one special quality like being pretty or rich and knows how to manipulate someone. So really, becoming the new Alpha isn't that hard, it's just about finding how to get a super special quality compared to hers and some good tricks on manipulating people to liking you more.	Learn who's who. What exactly IS an Alpha?, Find out the qualities your current Alpha has.
; , Cut the pumpkin in half with a large knife. Scoop out the stringy innards of the pumpkin along with the seeds. Set the seeds aside and prepare toasted pumpkin seeds later.  Puncture the outer skin of the pumpkin with the tip of a large chef's knife. Set the knife into the groove created by the puncture and slowly sink the knife into the pumpkin using a rocking motion.  The thicker your slices, the longer your pumpkin will take to roast. Therefore, it's recommended to cut about 1-inch thick slices, leaving enough time to develop good caramelization on the outer surface of the pumpkin.  Place pumpkin wedges on a large roasting tray and drizzle generously with olive oil., Salt and pepper make a fine combo, but why not experiment a little bit for some out-of-the-ordinary combos? Try:  Garam Masala Cumin and curry powder Clove, cinnamon, and brown sugar Maple syrup Red pepper  , Roast your pumpkin wedges for about 20 minutes. If your pumpkin wedges are slightly larger than 1-inch thick, roast for 25 minutes and check every 5 minutes thereafter. If your pumpkin wedges are slightly smaller than 1-inch thick, roast for 15 minutes and check every 5 minutes thereafter.	Preheat your oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit (200 degrees Celsius). Prepare the pumpkin.  Cut the pumpkin into 1-inch thick slices.  Prepare pumpkin wedges for roasting.  Season your pumpkin wedges. Roast.
The number one cause of dried out polish is leaving the cap off of the bottle. A good general rule is to keep the cap on the bottle whenever you're not using the brush to apply polish. If you stop using one color or switch to another, don't leave it open on the counter. Take a few seconds to screw the cap back on. Remember — nail polish is made to dry quickly when it comes in contact with air whether or not it's on your nails.   Screwing the cap on tightly is important. A loose seal can let air in or lead to messy cap threads (see below).; , Heat and light are your enemies when it comes to keeping your polish fresh. Try to store your polish somewhere out of the sun and away from sources of heat to keep the polish lasting longer.   If you have room in your refrigerator, this is a good place to keep your polish. Otherwise, keep it in a closed cabinet (rather than on the counter).  Polish that is allowed to sit for long periods of time is more likely to start to set. To avoid this, occasionally roll the polish in your hands or turn the bottle over a few times. If you paint your nails regularly, just agitate the polish every time you use it. Otherwise, take a few seconds to agitate each bottle every two to four days,   You can also shake the bottle gently, but shaking vigorously can create bubbles which can make the polish apply unevenly the next time you use it.  Gunky threads (the spiraling ridges on the mouth of the bottle that the cap screws on to) can affect the cap's seal and even let in air. Luckily, it's not hard to clean the threads once they get clogged with caked-on polish. See below:   Moisten a cotton ball or Q-tip with fingernail polish remover. Try to squeeze most of the remover back into the bottle — you don't need a soaking wet cotton ball. Gently scrub the cap threads. The dried polish should start to dissolve. If necessary, re-soak your cotton ball or switch to a new one. Finish by wiping the clean cap threads with a tissue. Try not to let nail polish remover get into the polish itself. This can affect the texture of your polish — it may even ruin the whole bottle if enough gets in.	Keep the cap on the bottle when you're not using the brush. Keep the polish in a cool, dark, area, such as a refrigerator. Agitate the polish every few days. Clean messy cap threads.
Set your child up for organizational success by purchasing the items he or she will need to get organized. Organizing schoolwork into separate folders or using a color coding system can be very beneficial for children with ADD.You’ll need a backpack, different colored folders, blank paper, labels, and different colored pens for starters. Consider getting your child two sets of supplies (including books): one set for school and one set for at home. This will help reduce their daily stress because the consequences won’t be as intense if they forget some of their supplies at home or at school. Let your child choose a backpack with sectioned out storage space that can be labeled to help him or her get organized at school, as well as find and put items away quickly.; , This will allow your child to find items they need more quickly and easily. Color folders and dividers can hold worksheets and homework. Use color tape and stickers for textbooks that match. Make sure your child is clear about how the color system works., Pick a location for your child's backpack so that it never gets misplaced. Make sure your child always puts their backpack in this spot when they get home so that they learn the routine and so they don’t have to worry about losing it.Additionally, get your child with ADD into the habit of organizing the backpack when homework is complete. This will ensure that homework is placed in the backpack and that he has everything else he needs for school the next day.  This area should be well-lit and away from distractions. Your child needs a calm place where they can focus on their work. Make sure your child has all the tools needed to get the work done.The homework location should be quiet and free of clutter and other distractions.  Set up a time for homework and stick with it. Consider using the delayed gratification approach. Have your child do his or her homework as soon as they get home, instead of playing first. However, if it helps your child, you might want to allow for 30 minutes of playtime or relaxation before starting schoolwork.Help organize it from the most difficult to the easiest and always review the work when completed.Put up a dry erase board that lists the homework, assignments, and projects. Children with ADD often work better with visuals. Your child can refer to this list and erase what is completed. Break the homework timeframe up by allowing for snack breaks, especially if your child is showing signs of being overwhelmed. You can take short breaks every 10-20 minutes, too.You should also be available if you are needed during homework.  Partner with your child's teacher to create a communication system so that you are aware of all homework and assignments. You want your child to be responsible for this, but having the information will allow you to make sure he or she is on track.You may also want to ask for progress reports so you and the teacher can deal with issues as they arise and come up with solutions together. Remaining consistent at home and at school is a necessary goal for children with ADD.  One thing that you can do to help your child organize and complete their homework is to divide larger tasks into smaller, more manageable steps that your child will find less intimidating. Write the steps out for your child to follow along.For example, if your child has a paper that is due, try breaking up the assignment into smaller manageable parts. One step can be doing the research and another step can be brainstorming ideas for the paper. After those steps, you could write a rough draft for one step and revise the draft as a final step. That way your child will be able to focus on one step at a time instead of being overwhelmed by the entire project. This will also help your child learn how to plan things out and follow through with their plans.  One of the most important aspects of helping a child with ADD overcome any obstacles in accomplishing their homework is to create a consistent routine so they can learn what to expect and how to fulfill the expectations set for them on a regular basis.Have homework time at the same time every day. Work on homework in the same location every day. Creating these patterns will help your child with ADD learn how to cope with any struggles they might encounter when attempting to complete their homework.  When you create systems and tools, explain to them what you are doing and for what reason. This way they will learn the methods that work and continue to use them independently and, hopefully, throughout their life.Help your child learn how to make checklists of tasks they need to accomplish and then to cross each item off the list as they complete each task.  Involving your child in the process of organization will help them better understand the reasons this kind of behavior is necessary and it will help them feel more connected to the process. It’s always easier to follow rules that you view as valuable.Ask your child what specific tasks they struggle with and come up with a way to organize that aspect of their schoolwork together.  Your efforts at getting your child organized should stop at that goal. Create the system and provide the tools, but don't do anything else for him or her. Explain how it all works and make sure he or she follows through.   Continue giving positive feedback and reinforcement when your child maintains the organizational system you’ve set up or as they complete their homework tasks.  Have your child consider which assignments to work on first instead of just doing whatever comes to mind in the moment. It might be a good idea to teach them to work on homework based on when the assignment due dates are. That way, they are finishing the tasks that are due sooner first.   Working on the hardest or least enjoyable homework might be good for a child with ADD as well because it helps them get it out of the way earlier and move on to work that is more enjoyable. You can also create a daily and weekly calendar with assignments that are due during the week.  Being organized and tackling big homework projects can be a very daunting task for a child with ADD. Make sure you maintain a positive attitude and offer encouraging support for your child so that they don’t get discouraged easily.If your child gets frustrated easily, your positive attitude will help calm them and help them continue to focus on the task at hand.	Gather the necessary materials. Create a color-coded system for each subject. Choose a location for your child’s backpack. Establish a homework zone. Be a part of the homework process. Create a communication system with your child’s teacher. Break tasks up into manageable steps. Create a routine. Teach your child with ADD organizational skills. Ask your child what they want to organize. Don't enable your child. Help them prioritize their homework. Keep a positive attitude.
Some studies have found that staying hydrated will prevent cramps (while other studies have found no correlation between the two). Researchers believe that the decreased fluid around a body’s cells causes muscle twitches, which in turn causes cramps.Be sure to drink enough water daily and replenish after exercising.   The Institute of Medicine suggests that men should drink roughly 13 cups (3.3 liters) of total beverages a day, while women should consume about 9 cups (2.2 liters) per day.The amount of fluids needed also depends on factors such as weight and activity level. Try an online calculator that will give you a more accurate estimation., Electrolytes are essential in maintaining the fluid balance in your body and can be lost when you sweat. Sodium in particular is lost through sweat more than other electrolytes. If you are sweating — especially if the weather is hot, if you are exercising, or you are an endurance athlete — the loss of sodium may lead to cramping and more dangerous condition called hyponatremia.Replace sodium by eating salty foods (like pretzels) or drinking sports products and drinks with electrolytes. Try eating a slice of sour pickle or drinking the juice from a pickle. This is known as a “grandma formula,” but even players on the NFL’s Philadelphia Eagles have been known to drink 2 ounces of pickle juice before football games to prevent cramping.Unrefined sea salt is also suggested because it contains other minerals that are useful to the body., Many believe that muscle cramps are caused by a calcium deficiency.Increase your consumption of calcium naturally by eating a diet rich in dairy products such as milk, cheese, or yogurt. Additionally, you can try taking calcium supplements that can be purchased at your local pharmacy or online. The average recommended daily amount for adults ages 19 – 50 is 1,000 mg.If you don’t care for dairy products, try white beans, kale, sardines, salmon, or dried figs.Look for calcium supplements that also contain betaine hydrochloride and vitamin D. These nutrients help to increase the amount of calcium that’s digested into your body., There are currently medical hypotheses that link leg cramps to low levels of magnesium in one’s system.While the effect of magnesium on the general public is still being tested, it has proven an effective treatment for pregnant women.Try taking a magnesium supplement which can be found at your local pharmacy.   Suggested magnesium levels vary from 360 mg/day to 420 mg/day based on age. Talk to your doctor about the dosage that’s right for you., Potassium is an electrolyte that regulates the flow of liquids in and out of the body's cells. It also helps to conduct nerve impulses and muscle contractions. Most adults need 4,700 mg of potassium each day. High potassium foods include wholegrain breads, peanut butter, bananas, spinach, and milk or yogurt.Diuretics (water pills) that are used to treat conditions like high blood pressure, have been known to increase the risk of leg cramps because it increases the body's excretion of electrolytes like potassium.	Stay hydrated. Replenish sodium. Increase your calcium intake. Ensure you have enough magnesium in your blood. Avoid potassium depletion.
When dealing with a pregnant dog, it's even more important than usual to make sure she stays calm. Her extra weight might make her harder to hold down if she starts to struggle. Pet her in long strokes and speak to her in a soft voice. Do everything you can to relax her.   If you think she might try to escape, get another person to help you. More hands means more petting! If your dog is afraid of baths, don’t force her. Just brush through her coat instead, trying to get as much dirt off the fur as you can. It will be easier on you both. Allow wet mud to dry into dirt before brushing her.; , Even if you’re feeling worried about bathing her because she's pregnant, don't let her pick up on your anxiety. Act like it's a completely normal bath, and don't change the routine at all.   For example, if you usually lift your dog into the bathtub, give her the bath in her normal place. Don't decide to spray her with a hose outside instead because you're afraid of lifting her.  Keep treats on hand to reward her for calm behavior or coax her into the tub. You'll also need shampoo for the bath and several towels to dry her off before letting her loose in your home.You can put one of the towels on the edge of the tub to stop some of the water from splashing onto the floor at your feet.   Use a nice, mild oatmeal shampoo for dogs that won't irritate her skin. You're going to get wet, too, so dress down in clothes you don't mind getting dirty., You know from experience that bathtubs can get slippery when you add water and soap to the mix. A non-slip mat will help your dog keep her footing while she's getting her bath. You can find non-slip mats in any department store or online.  Be gentle! Depending on how big she is, you may need two people to lift her. Don't lift her from under the belly, as this might be uncomfortable or painful for her. Instead, scoop one arm under her hind legs (behind the belly), and one under her neck. Lift lift her from the rump and chest.   If your dog is small enough, you may be able to use the kitchen (or utility) sink.  Turn both the hot and cold nozzles to make sure the water comes out lukewarm. If you have a shower nozzle, spray down your dog's fur to get it completely wet. If you don't have a nozzle, just pour cups of water over her.   Pet her and talk softly to her the whole time to keep her calm.  The sound of a loud faucet can be scary! For some dogs, it may be less stressful to start with the tub already filled with as much water as you need. Once you’ve filled the tub, you can gently lift her in. Use a cup to pour water over her instead of using a shower nozzle with running water.  Work from the front to the back of her body. Start behind her head, then move your way down her neck and body. Lather her legs and tail last. Touch her stomach very lightly, and only just enough to make sure it's clean. Don't rub forcefully or push on her stomach in any way.   Don't put soap on her face, as it could get into her eyes, nose, or mouth. Instead, use a damp washcloth to wash her face with water.Avoid getting shampoo in her ears, too.  If the sound of running water doesn't scare her, turn the water back on and use the shower nozzle to rinse the shampoo off her. If she's scared, use a glass to pour water over her coat.   Rinse until you can't see suds in her coat anymore.  Use the same method you used when putting her in the tub: lift her from the rump and chest. Again, be careful not to put any pressure on her belly. Make sure she has her footing on the ground before letting go her, so she doesn't fall.  If your dog is fearless in the face of loud noises, you can speed up the drying process by using a blow dryer. Most dogs prefer a light towel-dry, though. She has a lot more hair than humans, so you may need to go through a few towels.   You don't need to get her completely dry. Just dry her off enough to make sure she doesn't drip water all over your house. Let her coat air dry the rest of the way.	Keep her calm. Stick to your normal routine. Gather your supplies. Place a non-slip surface in the tub. Lift the dog into the tub. Start the water. Fill the tub first if running water frightens your dog. Lather her up with dog shampoo. Rinse the shampoo from her fur. Lift her out of the tub. Dry your dog.
The best rhubarb stalks to eat are also the best stalks to freeze. Look for stalks that are firm, tender, and well-colored.  The color of ripe rhubarb will vary depending on the variety. Most are red with hints of green, but some are mostly green while others should be all red. You should look for rhubarb with as few fibers as possible, but stalks with only a few fibers are usually fine. The stalks should be about as thick as your thumb.; , Rinse the rhubarb under cool, running water and scrub the dirt off gently using your fingers.  Pat dry with clean paper towels.  If the rhubarb you chose has tough, fibrous skin on the outside, use your fingers to peel this layer off.  Only peel off the outer skin if it seems to peel off easily with your fingernails. If you cannot separate a skin from the stalk, you likely have a variety that does not have this tough outer layer. You should still remove any stringy fibers, though. You should also remove all the leaves from the outside of the stalk.  Use a serrated kitchen knife to cut the stalks into bite-size pieces.  The pieces can be anywhere from 1/2 inch to 2 inches (1.25 cm to 5 cm). No matter what size you choose, though, try to keep the pieces even. Evenly sized pieces will freeze and defrost better, making them easier to use.  For any method, you can freeze rhubarb raw or blanched (pre-cooked). Blanching the rhubarb beforehand helps preserve the color and texture of the vegetable, though, so many people find the extra step worth the effort.  Boil water in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Rest a wire mesh colander inside the pot. Transfer the rhubarb to the colander. Let it boil for 1 minute. Remove the colander and the rhubarb from the boiling water. Immediately dunk the rhubarb into ice water and keep it there for another 1 minute. Doing so will stop the cooking process. Spread the rhubarb out on clean paper towels and let air dry.  Leave at least 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of empty headspace at the top, and label the bag or container with the amount and the current date.  If using plastic bags instead of stiff containers, make sure that all excess air is squeezed out of the bag as possible before sealing it. You can also sweeten the rhubarb before dry packing it. Combine 4 cups (1 L) of chopped rhubarb with 1 cup (250 ml) of granulated sugar until well coated. This is only optional, though, and should only be done if you plan to use the rhubarb for a sweetened recipe like jam or preserves.  Place the rhubarb in the coldest part of the freezer. You can store it there, at 0 degrees Fahrenheit (-18 degrees Celsius) up to 10 or 12 months.When you are ready to thaw the rhubarb, defrost it in the refrigerator or in the microwave.  Make sure that none of the pieces overlap or touch each other.  You can also line the baking sheet with parchment paper before adding the rhubarb so that the pieces will be easier to remove after freezing.If the pieces touch or overlap, they will end up freezing together, and it will be more difficult to pack them later on. The advantage of individual dry packing is that the pieces can be thawed in partial quantities rather than needing to be thawed all at once.  Transfer the tray to the freezer, positioning it so that it is perfectly flat and not tilted. Let the rhubarb stay in the freezer for two hours, or until it becomes too solid to pierce with your thumbnail., Place the pieces into freezer-safe plastic bags or containers with a minimum headspace of 1/2 inch (1.25 cm). Label the container with the amount of rhubarb inside and the current date.  If using plastic bags, make sure to squeeze out the excess air from the bags before sealing them.  Place the container in the back of the freezer, at the coldest spot. Store it in the freezer at 0 degrees Fahrenheit (-18 degrees Celsius) for as long as 10 to 12 months.  When you are ready to thaw the rhubarb, defrost it in the refrigerator or in the microwave.  Combine 2 cups (500 ml) with 4 to 6 cups (1 to 1.5 L) of water in a small saucepan. Heat over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until the mixture boils. Continue boiling and stirring until the sugar completely dissolves.  Sugar can improve the flavor, stabilize the color, and retain the shape of the rhubarb. The solution can also help prevent drying, freezer burn, and oxidation. You could use an artificial sweetener instead of sugar, in equal quantities, if you would prefer to skip the sugar. If you would prefer not to use the stove, you can microwave the syrup in 30-second intervals, instead.  Place the syrup in the refrigerator for an hour or so, or until it is cool to the touch.  The syrup should be as cool as possible. It is recommended that you make the syrup the night before and let it cool overnight, but a few hours will usually be enough if that is all you have.  Place the cut rhubarb in freezer-safe plastic containers, packing it in firmly but leaving a minimum 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of empty headspace at the top., Cover the rhubarb with the cooled syrup, making sure that the rhubarb is completely submerged and that the 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) headspace is still being maintained.  If working with a pint (1/2 L) of rhubarb, you will only need about 1/2 cup (125 ml) of syrup. If working with a quart (1 L) of rhubarb, you will need between 2/3 and 1 cup (170 to 250 ml) of syrup. Keep 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of headspace for a 1 pint (1/2 L) container and 1 inch (2.5 cm) of headspace for a 1 quart (1 L) container.  Seal the container and label it with the amount of rhubarb and the current date. Place it in the coldest part of the freezer and let it stay there, at 0 degrees Fahrenheit (-18 degrees Celsius), for as long as 10 to 12 months.  When you are ready to thaw the rhubarb, defrost it in the refrigerator or in the microwave.  Place the rhubarb pieces in freezer-safe plastic containers, leaving a 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of empty headspace or more at the top.  Juices that are low in acidity, like peach, apple, and white grape juice, are better choices than those with high acidity, like orange juice, lemon juice, or pineapple juice. The sugar in the juice works like sugar in a syrup, improving the flavor and stabilizing the color while also preventing drying and oxidation.  Pour enough peach, apple, or white grape juice over the rhubarb to cover the pieces completely while still maintaining the 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of headspace.For a 1 pint (1/2 L) container of rhubarb, you will only need about 1/2 cup (125 ml) of syrup. For a 1 quart (1 L) container of rhubarb, you will need between 2/3 and 1 cup (170 to 250 ml) of juice. Keep 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) of headspace for a 1 pint (1/2 L) container and 1 inch (2.5 cm) of headspace for a 1 quart (1 L) container.  Seal the container and label it with the amount of and the current date. Let it freeze quickly in the coldest part of the freezer, then keep it at a temperature of 0 degrees Fahrenheit (-18 degrees Celsius) for as long as 10 to 12 months.  When you are ready to thaw the rhubarb, defrost it in the refrigerator or in the microwave.	Choose fresh, high-quality rhubarb. Wash the rhubarb. Peel of the skin, if necessary. Cut the stalks into pieces. Blanch the rhubarb, if desired. Place the rhubarb pieces directly into freezer-safe containers.Transfer the pieces into freezer-safe plastic bags or containers. Freeze until ready to use. Spread the rhubarb out in a single layer on a baking sheet. Freeze until solid. Transfer the rhubarb into freezer-safe containers. Freeze until ready to use. Boil sugar and water for a simple syrup. Let the syrup cool. Pack the rhubarb into freezer-safe containers. Pour the syrup over the rhubarb. Freeze until ready to use. Pack the rhubarb pieces into freezer-safe containers. Pour fruit juice over the pieces. Freeze until ready to use.
Be proactive about who you can be and are. The less you have to prove yourself to others, the more you can honor God. When you experience conflict with others, own your responsibilities. Knowing your faults and accepting them will also allow you to learn from your mistakes and grow. This kind of behavior helps build strong social bonds For example, if your friend is angry at you for being late, do not become defensive. Tell them, "I apologize, I want to become more mindful of my time." Seeing and owning your problems can make them seem less fearful and more possible to overcome. This positive attitude can help you make positive changes in your habits.  Accept and do not dwell on your or another's mistake, but concentrate on specific things you can do to give God's saving grace and be improving lives in concrete ways, as much as you have opportunity.  Armor yourself with kindness, rightness, humility, grace and peace, not tricking or cheating but loving others advancement and their good marks. Worrying about oneself less, makes one better able to be more connected with others. Putting off the self for the others benefit and not demanding perfection from yourself, either, honors God's through serving his creation. , Gratitude creates a sense that you have benefited from other people and from things they do and say. When you become more aware of your own dependence on the people. Thank people and accept their importance and share all the hope, peace and other resources that you have, the more you will be able to realize that it is not all about you.   Keep a gratitude journal; this practice can improve your psychological well being. Write down at least three things that you are thankful for. And do your gratitude writing on the daily. , When you are free from being center of attention, you can work to empower others, denying yourself some prerogatives/perks. Strengthening others creates a stronger community better able to work toward a common good. You can become a powerful leader when you know how to effectively build up others sense of achievement.   Some of the most impactful people who have lived have been spiritual leaders, for example Buddha, Gandhi, Jesus Christ, Martin Luther King and Muhammad.  Acting entitled means that one indicates he or she should get certain things for doing well. Feeling as if deserving of things but not getting them, one will end up being resentful or bitter. It is difficult to have a good attitude and love others while bitter, because of being stuck thinking about things one doesn't have.   If you don't feel like you are owed things, then you can work more freely for others without expecting things in return.  Do not worry about your failures but make them temporary and continue your achievements immediately. Instead of grooming and sharing irritations, aim at working well and worrying less about yourself. So, concentrate more on the bigger-picture and assisting one another, through service -- and worship God by service to the common or poor people. , Often people who are humble are more tolerant of others. Humble people do not need to be aggressive or defensive about their beliefs. Being patient and listening to other beliefs and ideas, even when you experience hardships can honor God by peace and kindness. This will allow you to grow stronger and learn more about God and yourself.    Get out of the way of the work of God by working for voluntary community including through individual efforts and in groups such as at places of worship.    Honor God by rewarding good faith and goodwill by graciousness and sincere condolences in grief and congratulations in good times. Honor God by giving credit to other people, by accepting who and what they are and can offer, enjoying time spent with others in fellowship.	Accept your opportunities and your limitations. Forgive and give grace beyond what people deserve, that you want them or God to give to you. Think about yourself less often. Show that your are grateful. Encourage others to share and do your part to avoid self-centering but to be open to growth and sharing empowerment, not by unnecessary coercion, demands or controlling others. Avoid acting entitled such as expecting to be rewarded, thanked or complimented for good activities. Practice service, helping the weak, and don't seek or care about impressiveness or unrealistic, "upward mobility" or deceitful riches for what would profit a person, if he gains the World but losses his soul?, Assume that you do not have all of the answers. Let peace and good things happen that you may not understand or are out of your control. Expect, and appreciate other's knowledge in the faith differing, greater or lesser, from your experience, achievement, expertise or study.
When you visit the download page, you will see a variety of options. Download the latest Static version in either 32-bit or 64-bit, depending on your operating system.; , 7-Zip is a free archive program that you will need to open the FFmpeg file.  When you use 7-Zip to extract a file, it will create a new folder in the same location as the downloaded file. The folder will be named something like “ffmpeg-20130731-git-69fe25c-win32-static”. Open the folder and move it to the side.  Click Start and then click Computer. Select the hard drive where Windows is installed (typically C:). At the base of the C: drive, where you see folders such as Windows and Program Files, right-click and select New Folder. Name the folder “ffmpeg”.  Copy the contents of the extracted folder into the new “ffmpeg” folder.	Download the FFmpeg program. Download and install 7-Zip. Extract the FFmpeg folder. Open your C: drive. Open the new “ffmpeg” folder.
If you're going to a social event, it's okay to practice. Many people feel more relaxed if they give themselves time to prepare conversation starters ahead of time.You can write down a list of potential conversation starters. You could, for example, talk about an assignment if you're making conversation in class. You could even practice in the mirror ahead of time. While it may sound a little silly, if you're often nervous about starting a conversation this can be helpful.; , When trying to begin small talk, scan the room. See if there's anyone not talking to someone. Try to make brief eye contact and offer a smile. You can then approach this person to begin a conversation.When you approach the person, try a simple greeting. You can say something like, "Hi" or "How are you?"  , It can be hard to strike up a conversation with a stranger. However, there are many ways to initially engage with someone. Use a quality conversation starter to get the ball rolling.Conversation starters should be personal and reflect genuine interest. Instead of commenting on the weather, mention something the other party can relate to. You should also bring up something of genuine interest to you. It's hard to feign interest, and people want to converse with those who are generally invested in them. For example, you're at a party at a friend's place. You see a casual acquaintance there who you know just took the bar exam. You're interested in law, as your brother is an attorney. You can say something like, "Hey, how did the bar exam go?" This is a great way to begin a conversation. If you're very nervous, you can look for something nearby to discuss. While this is less personal, it can work in a bind. You can, for example, comment on a painting on the wall.  People want to feel that the other person is interested in them. A great way to keep a conversation running smoothly is to ask a series of questions about the other person.Ask questions about what the other person is saying. Make a rule that, before you bring up your own experience or interests, you ask at least one question about what the other person said. For example, you're talking about a mutual interest in hockey. Ask something like, "Did you play hockey as a kid?" before talking about your favorite teams.  Oftentimes, people have a tendency to be planning their own responses while listening to another person talk. Refrain from doing this. It's important that you genuinely listen to what another person says.Remember to engage in only one thing at a time. When a person is talking, pay attention to what they're saying. Keep your mind focused on the present moment instead of planning what you'll say next. It's inevitable that you will think of something that relates. That's okay. It can be good to have some response ready, but don't spend time thinking of how to word your response. You can figure that out after the other person stops talking.  This is important. You want to give another person the chance to jump in. Even if you have more to say, you want to make sure the other person has a chance to relate or respond.Make a point of pausing for a second between sentences. If the other person does not say anything, continue talking. However, the other person may have a chance to convey interest in what you're expressing. He or she may have something to share or contribute. If the person wants to end the conversation, a brief pause can give him or her the opportunity to do so smoothly.  If you want to be engaged in conversation, attention is key. You should actively try to remember what the other party said about a given topic. When appropriate, you can bring this up later. This can show you're engaged and interested in the other person.What is this person passionate about? What does he or she do for fun? These are things to keep in the back of your mind. If you're able to bring them up later, this shows you were listening. For example, a friend told a story about fishing with her dad. A few minutes later, an opportunity comes for to share a story about your father. You can say something like, "Oh, you know how you went fishing with your dad? My dad took me once as a kid, but it was a complete disaster..." You can then tell an amusing anecdote.  This can help you form a connection with the other person. As they share their own hobbies, interests, and passions, see if there's a way to relate to this. This will help form a mutual understanding between you and the other person.Be genuine when trying to relate. If your relation to the situation is a stretch, people will pick up on this. Do not force the conversation. Wait for a moment you can genuinely relate to. For example, a friend is talking about a movie you've never seen, but then mentions how it was kind of like a TV show you like. Take this opportunity to say something like, "Oh, yeah. I've seen that show. Yeah, I like films and TV shows that have kind of confusing plots too."  , Most conversations will run their course. You and the other person may have exhausted discussing a topic. You may notice natural pauses coming between topics and enthusiasm will have dwindled slightly. In this case, gracefully leave the conversation on good terms.Give a reason you have to leave the conversation. At an event, you could say you need to meet up with friends or run to the bathroom. If you're conversing at work, you can say you need to get back to a task. For example, "Well, I should catch up with my friends." From there, express gratitude for having had the chance to talk. For example, "It was really great talking to you." Then, restate a few things that were discussed. This shows you were engaged and attentive. For example, "I will have to check out that book you mentioned."  , Some people mumble when they are nervous, which can make it hard to the other person to understand what you are saying. Remind yourself to speak in a clear voice and enunciate your words.   One way to remind yourself to enunciate is to repeat to yourself, “Enunciate, Articulate, Exaggerate.” Say these words out loud and speak every syllable of each word in a clear, audible voice.You might also practice speaking clearly before you have a conversation with someone. Say some of the things you want or expect to say in a clear, audible voice.  Many people get nervous and over share information. You may also misread social cues, and think the conversation is becoming deeper than it actually is. Try to avoid this tendency. In conversation, stay calm and avoid sharing too much information too soon.Remember, there's a good chance this person knows someone you know. Avoid bad talking friends, family members, or colleagues. You should also avoid sharing very private information, especially with strangers of acquaintances. For example, avoid talking about or asking someone about their income, health problems, family issues, abilities, differences, or the amount of food they eat. If an event includes alcohol, you may loosen up a bit, but try to remember to avoid over sharing. Do not, say, complain about a breakup or tell your life story.  Many people find this obnoxious and rude. Always having to have the better story, the worse problems, or the more exciting life comes off as annoying. It's okay to share anecdotes that are relatable, but avoid slipping in your own anecdote every time someone else has finished a story. This can come off as one-upping.One way to avoid one-upping is to keep the focus on the other person. Ask questions about things that the person has mentioned and comment on what they have shared as well. For example, if someone mentions a recent vacation they took, then you might say something like, “That sounds amazing! What sights did you see while you were there?”  , If you're at a crowded event, it can sometimes be difficult to hear the other person talking. However, use tact when asking for clarification.Phrases like, "Huh?" and "What?" come off as too abrupt. It can make the speaker feel awkward. If you need clarification at any point, try something like, "Excuse me?" or "I'm sorry, I'm having trouble hearing. What was that?" These come off as more polite.	Practice ahead of time if you're prone to anxiety. Smile and make initial eye contact. Find a good conversation starter. Ask questions. Listen to the other person's response. Pause between your sentences. Remember information. Attempt to relate. Allow the conversation to come to a natural end. Speak clearly and avoid mumbling. Do not over share. Avoid trying to one up the other person. Limit use of certain phrases.
You'll need six planks of the same wood to create the fence. Different types of wood will produce different color fences. You can get four wood planks from a single wood block by placing it in the center of your crafting table grid.   You'll be using four of the planks for the fence and two to create sticks.; , Use two of the planks you crafted from the wood blocks to make sticks. You can turn two planks into four sticks by placing one plank in the center of the crafting grid and one directly below it.  Place one stick in the center of the crafting grid and another directly below it. Place planks on either sides of the sticks so that the bottom two rows go: planks, stick, plank.   All of the pieces need to be from the same type of wood.  The above crafting recipe of four planks and two sticks will create three fence pieces	Craft at least six wood planks. Craft two sticks of the same wood. Craft fence pieces. Add the fence pieces to your inventory.
You may want to consider going braless in tops or dresses which your bra would peek out of if you wore one. Deep plunging necklines, large keyholes in the back, and backless tops or dresses are all items of clothing that look better when worn without a bra.   Tops or dresses with thin or no straps can usually be worn with a strapless bra. Not all fabrics are suitable for bralessness. Thin or lacy fabrics will leave your nipples exposed, and some fabrics, like wool or stiff cotton, may irritate your skin. Synthetic fabrics like Lycra or nylon tend to work well without a bra.  There are some situations where you might be expected to wear a bra. Job interviews, court appearances, or meeting your partner’s parents for the first time might not be the best times to go braless. If you decide not to wear a bra, think about the situation first and decide if you will feel comfortable going braless.Remember that you can dress your body however you like. If going braless makes you feel more comfortable, then you should do it. Don’t let anyone make you feel bad about your body—ever., There is no evidence that going without a bra makes your breasts sag earlier, and no evidence that wearing a bra keeps them from sagging. Several recent studies have even found that going braless regularly may actually help your breasts to become perkier.Keep in mind that it is still important to wear a sports bra when you exercise. Sports bras help to keep your breasts in place, which is important when you are moving and jumping a lot.  If you want to start going without a bra more often, you may experience some discomfort since your breasts aren’t used to being free to move. To ease into bralessness, try trading in your padded underwire for one without pads or underwires. Or, you can go braless at night and around the house until you feel comfortable without your bra on.	Consider your clothes. Examine the situation. Don’t worry about sagging. Ease into bralessness.
There is no need to get involved in a fight if you don't have to. By keeping your distance, this can help to preserve your personal safety. If you're unsure about what to do when faced with a fight, take a step back or find a safe area. This can be the best course of action.   Place your own safety first. Use non-violent means, before resorting to physical methods for breaking up a fight. Physical methods for breaking up a fight are a last resort, and are for use when other options are exhausted or non-existent.; , Conflicts can be about hidden or unconscious beliefs and values. Being able to determine the true cause for a fight can help you to resolve it. Try to think about the personality and cultural aspects at play, before you step in.   Understand the relationship between the two people in a fight. Do these people know each other? Are they family members? Is this about a romantic interest? Examine possible motivations. Is this random aggression, or is it driven by a specific feeling of being wronged? The differences in motivations can alter how two people in a fight will respond to someone breaking it up. Random, unprovoked aggression is less likely to be responsive to attempts at mediation, as the aggressor may not have a strong grasp on why they're being aggressive. Ask questions to anyone who will answer.  Fights can start as the result of a misunderstanding. By determining the truth about what is going on, you can give yourself the upper hand when it comes to calming parties involved. Make sure you have the truth about the situation before charging in. It is better not to involve yourself than to make things worse.   Note who, what, where, when, and why. This can help you take in the whole situation, as well as provide useful if the police become involved. Talk to witnesses. Ask questions to people involved.  You need to make sure you are prepared to handle such a conflict. Take stock of the state you are in. If you are intoxicated, over-tired, or not dressed for such activity, think twice before attempting to break up the fight.  Figure out the position each party involved is in. If they are intoxicated, armed, or clearly a more than capable fighter, it might not be a good situation to get involved in. Understand the people escalating the altercation, before you decide to interfere., Get a teacher, a security guard, or a police officer. In order to prevent yourself from being in harm's way, get someone trained to grapple with this kind of situation. Immediately find someone in a position of authority to manage the violent engagement.  When things between two people get heated, sometimes it is possible to calm them down with a distraction. Mention or ask about their family members or the friends they came with. It can make them think about someone they think fondly of, calming them down. There are many quick ways to break the tension.   Give commands in a calm, authoritative voice. Many fights among children can be broken up this way.Use humor. Sing a song, loudly. Do not yell.  If you loudly proclaim you are calling the police, and then make the phone call, this can quickly break up the fight. No one will want to be around when the police come. This is a quick solution. Be prepared: Charges may be filed against the people involved, and you may need to stay around to speak with the officers.  This means putting yourself in the other person's position. Empathy taps into the emotional nature of aggression, in order to reason with individuals who may not be in a state of mind to accept logical reasoning. By giving yourself the opportunity to understand how the combatants feel, as well as helping them to understand how their enemy feels, you might find greater insight into how to dissolve the conflict. Invoking empathy can help mitigate aggression.Ask people in the fight to see it from an other's point of view. Use language that shows you understand how they people in the fight feel. Use clear, emotional language to elicit empathy.  Often, talking in a calm voice with aggressors can help them to feel calm. Dialogue can give people the ability to vent some of the emotions bringing on the aggression, making it crucial to conflict resolution.It can also help reveal the source of the problem.   Use “I” statements.  I feel... I'm hearing you say... Avoid “you” statements that might feel like accusations.   Ask questions. Be calm.  Aggression can come from frustration, and sometimes these frustrations just need a kind ear. Give the parties involved each a chance to talk, and help them feel that someone is actually listening to how they feel. Sometimes, people feel better when they get their feelings off their chest.   Use verbal signs you're listening, such as saying, “I see your point.” Nod. Make eye contact.  Encourage both parties to see if there is a compromise. Work with them to help make sure no one is getting a bad deal. Do not impose a solution on the parties involved. Remember to be impartial, as this will help both parties feel comfortable.   Actively listen. Ask questions. Gradually help the two parties to negotiate the dispute on their own.  Try to get the parties to recognize what they did to hurt the other, and to forgive each other. This can help ensure future fights don't occur, and it can also assist in calming a situation down. By helping people to reconcile, we enable them to forgive and put the past behind them., Sometimes a blast of cold water can cool down a temper. Toss a cup or pot of water on the people fighting, or get the hose. This is a good way to avoid placing yourself directly in contact with the aggressors.  By placing yourself between two people who are fighting, you can interrupt their fight. It is important to recognize this might result in injury to you. Especially if you feel neither person involved will harm you, this can be a successful solution.  Be cautious when restraining anyone. Many kinds of restraining holds can result in bodily harm. Not only can attempting to restrain a violent person result in harm to you, restraining people can seriously harm the person you're holding on to. While combat holds and other manners of restraint can be effective with an adult, they can cause injury or even death, and are only recommended in extreme situations. It is not suitable to restrain children with combat holds, such as a chokehold.   A firm hug is considered, in some states, an acceptable way to break up fights between children when proper training is lacking.Hugs can also be used for fights among adults. Choke/strangleholds Arm/leglocks Pinning holds  , It is quite common for police to use pepper spray to break up a fight, but if you're a civilian, consider pepper spray in only the most extreme cases. Pepper spray can not only disable the aggressors, it will also keep the fight from starting back up.   Be cautious with pepper spray, as some people are allergic to it, and it can cause severe health problems. Extra caution should be taken with pepper spray, as it can be illegal to carry, and spraying someone in the face can be a crime.	Keep your distance. Look for underlying causes. Determine the facts. Take stock of yourself. Evaluate the people involved. Find an authority. Create a distraction. Make a show of calling the police. Empathize. Converse. Listen. Mediate. Facilitate reconciliation. Throw cold water. Place yourself between combatants. Restrain an aggressor. Use pepper spray.
Drain your pinto beans and then place them in a sauce pan over medium heat. Add the water, chili powder, and salt. Stir everything together and cook the beans for about five minutes, stirring occasionally., Beat your eggs with a fork until they form a smooth, even mixture. Mix in the hot sauce, as well as a pinch of salt and pepper., Place your butter in a sauce pan over medium heat. Melt the butter until it's foamy. This takes about two to three minutes. Then, swirl the butter in the pan to distribute evenly throughout the bottom of your sauce pan., Pour the eggs into the sauce pan. Let them sit until they're about to set. Then, use a spatula to push the eggs a little towards the center. Wait 30 seconds, and then push the eggs in a little further. Repeat this pattern for about 90 seconds and then remove the eggs from the pan., Sprinkle your cheese evenly over the eggs. Stir the eggs and cheese together until the cheese is distributed evenly throughout the eggs., Divide your chips between two plates. Then, distribute your pinto beans even over the eggs., Take the egg and cheese mixture. Distribute this evenly over the chips and beans. Your nachos are ready to serve.If you want, you can top your nachos with sour cream or guacamole.	Cook and flavor your beans. Prepare your eggs. Melt your butter. Cook your eggs. Add the cheese to the eggs. Divide and top your chips. Add the eggs to the chips and beans.
You can build a strong foundation for a career in toxicology by taking as many science courses as you can in high school, including biology, chemistry, and physics. Related subjects like computer science will also help develop your interests and skills.Don’t neglect courses in communication, writing, and foreign language. These will give you a good foundation for college-level work, and serve you well when you are a professional toxicologist and have to share your work with peers and the public. Taking part in extracurricular activities like science fairs, Science Olympiad, or part-time work in a lab is also valuable preparation. Ask a teacher or other mentor for ideas about how you can get involved.; , Most colleges and universities don’t have degrees in toxicology. Instead, work on a major in a field like biology, pharmacy, chemistry, veterinary sciences, food sciences, or soil sciences. Whatever your major, take as many courses as you can in fields like:Organic chemistry Physics Computer science Statistics Advanced math (calculus) Biology Chemistry Writing and/or Communication  , While studying for your degree, you should seek out opportunities to deepen your knowledge of toxicology, network with others in the field, and boost your resume. Working with a professor to develop an extensive research project, collaborating with others in a lab, and completing an internship are all great ways to accomplish this.The Society of Technology sponsors summer internships, so check its website for information on opportunities you can apply for. You can also ask professors for ideas about special projects, or contact labs directly about the possibility of working as an intern.  Most toxicologists have Ph.Ds, and a smaller number of them have master’s degrees. Very few have only a bachelor’s degree. If you are serious about becoming a toxicologist, you will have more opportunities if you pursue an advanced degree. While earning your Ph.D, you will take coursework, collaborate in labs, and develop a research project in your area of interest, culminating in a written dissertation describing your findings.  Look for graduate programs in toxicology or a related area. Choose a program based on its overall strength, but also its expertise in the area you want to study. For instance, if you are interested in the toxicology of pharmaceutical drugs, make sure that the graduate programs you apply to have labs and/or professors who are also working on this topic. Learn about the financial support available for graduate programs. Typically, graduate programs are funded by scholarships, teaching assistantships, research assistantships, or a combination of these. Take the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) about nine months before applying to graduate programs, and start working on your applications as soon as possible. It is possible to work in toxicology without an advanced degree, but opportunities will probably be limited to lab assistant positions.  After getting an advanced degree, many would-be toxicologists first work as a postdoctoral fellow in a research setting, sometimes for a few years. Opportunities are available in academia, government, and industry. While working as a postdoc, you will continue to pursue research or other specialized projects related to your area of expertise, but will gain more experience in supervising others, grant writing, and other areas that will increase yoru skills and job prospects., When you have gained the right combination of education, skills, and experience, you will be ready to find full-time, regular work as a toxicologist. The field is growing, and so opportunities for toxicologists are available in a variety of settings.Some toxicologists work in academia (at colleges and universities), performing research independently or as part of a group, and often teaching courses to undergraduate and/or graduate students. A wide range of government agencies hire toxicologists to work on topics related to public health, environmental concerns, and forensics. Some toxicologists work in medical fields, studying the effects of toxins on the human body. Many toxicologists are hired in the private sector to help industries (ranging from manufacturing to pharmaceuticals) ensure safe products or services, and understand the effects and risks of toxic or potentially toxic materials.  Toxicology is a demanding field that requires expertise and hard work. Once you enter the field, however, you will find that there are opportunities to do work that fascinates you and makes a real difference in the world. As a toxicologist, you may do things like:Identify toxins in individuals, animals, and the environment. Plan experiments to learn about the effects of toxins. Share your knowledge to assist in criminal investigations. Develop recommendations on how to protect against toxins. Use highly specialized equipment and computer programs.  Not everyone who is interested in toxicology has to or wants to work as a toxicologist. Opportunities are available in a variety of related fields, and those with training in toxicology may have job titles including:Forensic scientist Food technologist Laboratory technician Research scientist  , As a practicing toxicologist, you will benefit from communicating with your peers. Professional organizations of toxicologists provide opportunities to network, attend conferences, share research, learn about job opportunities, etc. Depending on your location and interests, you may join societies such as:The Society of ToxicologyThe American College of ToxicologyThe American College of Medical Toxicology.The British Toxicology SocietyThe UK Register of Toxicologists, If you are pursuing research in toxicology, you can share your work with others by publishing in academic journals. This is a great way to establish yourself in the field, and to earn credentials that can help lead to professional opportunities. Journals publishing toxicological research include:Annual Review of Pharmacology and Toxicology Forensic Toxicology Toxicological Sciences Critical Reviews in Toxicology Journal of Medical Toxicology  , After working for a time as a toxicologist, you can pursue advanced certification to verify your skills and distinguish yourself professionally. Employers and the public will value the work of a certified toxicologist even more. The exact requirements for certification depends on the board offering the certification, but may involve documentation of your work experience, continuing education courses, and the payment of a fee. for You can seek certification from organizations such as:   The American Board of ToxicologyThe Royal College of PathologistsThe Royal Society of BiologyThe American Board of Forensic Toxicology	Start preparing in high school. Get a bachelor’s degree. Look for internships and special projects. Get an advanced degree. Work as a postdoc. Look for a job. Utilize your skills and education in your job. Explore alternative careers. Join professional societies. Publish your research findings. Get certified.
You will likely already see the expression written this way. If not, change it. Solving the problem as a fraction makes it easier to follow all the necessary steps, especially when factoring the square roots. Recall that a fraction bar is also a division bar.For example, if you are calculating 8÷36{\displaystyle {\sqrt {8}}\div {\sqrt {36}}}, rewrite the problem like this: 836{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}}.  Factor the number as you would any whole number. Keep the factors under the radical signs.For example:836=2×2×26×6{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}={\frac {\sqrt {2\times 2\times 2}}{\sqrt {6\times 6}}}}   , To  simplify a square root, pull out any factors that make a perfect square. A perfect square is the result of a whole number multiplied by itself.The factor will now become a coefficient outside of the square root.  For example: 2×2×26×6{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {{\cancel {2\times 2\times }}2}}{\sqrt {\cancel {6\times 6}}}}} 226{\displaystyle {\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}}So, 836=226{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}={\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}}    , As a rule, an expression cannot have a square root in the denominator. If your fraction has a square root in the denominator, you need to rationalize it. This means to cancel out the square root in the denominator. To do this, multiply the numerator and denominator of the fraction by the square root you need to cancel.For example, if your expression is 623{\displaystyle {\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}}{\sqrt {3}}}}, you need to multiply the numerator and denominator by 3{\displaystyle {\sqrt {3}}} to cancel the square root in the denominator:623×33{\displaystyle {\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}}{\sqrt {3}}}\times {\frac {\sqrt {3}}{\sqrt {3}}}}=62×33×3{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}\times {\sqrt {3}}}{{\sqrt {3}}\times {\sqrt {3}}}}}=669{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {6}}}{\sqrt {9}}}}=663{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {6}}}{3}}}.  Sometimes you will be left with coefficients that can be simplified, or  reduced. Simplify the whole numbers in the numerator and denominator as you would simplify any fraction.  For example, 26{\displaystyle {\frac {2}{6}}} reduces to 13{\displaystyle {\frac {1}{3}}}, so 226{\displaystyle {\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}} reduces to 123{\displaystyle {\frac {1{\sqrt {2}}}{3}}}, or simply 23{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {2}}{3}}}.	Express the problem as a fraction.  Factor each radicand. Simplify the numerator and denominator of the fraction. Rationalize the denominator, if necessary. Simplify further, if necessary.
If you need neck or head support, place a thin cushion under your head.       ; , Your feet should be parallel, toes facing straight forward, and in line with your hips.  There should not be any tension present in your shoulders, so remind yourself to relax them.          You can place your hands on your abdomen if you wish to feel the effects of the movements on your abdominal muscles and region.  It should not be too wide nor should your back be flat against the floor. Another person should only be able to pass a flattened hand under this curve.          The extent to which some of your spine does not touch the floor varies from person to person, depending on your spine curvature and other physical elements.  They should come gently up toward your spine without moving the spine or pelvis. Hold them tight and firmly.  After any exercise started from neutral, always return to it. Check that you can feel the slight curve in the small of your back, your spine long and relaxed.	Lie on your back. Bend your knees and place your feet flat on the floor or reformer. Relax your arms to the sides. Feel for the natural curve in the small of your back. Draw in your abdominal muscles. Proceed to performing exercises.
You'll be cutting your pallet in the shape of a tree, so you may want to work outside where wood shavings will be less of an issue. You could also lay down a tarp to catch shavings for an easier clean up. You'll also need:   A flat, sturdy work surface, like a work bench. If you don't have a suitable work surface, you can make one by laying a flat board between two saw horses on level ground. A clear, an unobstructed work area. You don't want to trip when operating your saw. Move all unused tools, equipment, and wires out of your work area.; , You'll be using tape to guide your cutting of the pallet. Face the pallet so its top boards are oriented crosswise. The closest board will make up the bottom of your tree, and the farthest one the top. Mark your tape lines:         At the left and right sides of the bottom of the tree, on the inside of both lengthwise oriented 2x4 boards. At the top of the tree, ½" (1.27 cm) to the left and right of the middle, lengthwise oriented 2x4 board., Run two lines of tape, one line for each set of marks. One should run between the top and bottom marks to the left of the middle, lengthwise 2x4, and the other piece of tape between the top and bottom marks on the right. After taping:   Take your tape measure and check the distance on both sides between the outer edge of the tape and the outer edge of the pallet. The distance between the tape edge and outside pallet edge should be the same on both sides., The cutting process will create sawdust, which can become airborne and irritate your lungs and eyes. For this reason, you should wear protective eye wear, like safety glasses, and a dust mask.Wood can also cause skin irritation from its roughness, or it can give you splinters. Wear gloves when working to protect your hands.  Because pallets are most often held together by screws or nails, you'll likely want to use an automated saw that can cut through these, like a reciprocating saw. When cutting, do so on the inside of your tape line.         Hold your saw as level as possible while operating it, and use firm, steady pressure to push your saw through the wood as it cuts.The resistance to your saw will be greater when cutting through a board and less when moving through the gaps between them. At this point in the project, you'll only be cutting the top, crosswise boards of your pallet.  Now that the top of your pallet is cut, it's time to cut the opposite side. Pick up your pallet and flip it so the cut side is oriented downward. Cut the back boards away by sawing them on both sides of the middle, lengthwise 2x4.          Some pallets may only have one set of crosswise running boards. In this case, you won't have remove the reverse set of crosswise boards. Be careful when flipping your pallet. During the cutting process, you may have created splinters or jarred pieces of wood loose. Once you've cut along the left side of the middle, lengthwise 2x4, it should pull free easily with your hands or pry bar. Do the same for the right side as well., In many cases, a quick hand sanding with a medium grit sandpaper, rated between 60 and 100, should take the roughness off your cut wood.Focus on edges, burrs, and patches that appear splintery. Sand until the wood is smooth and even.   You can speed the sanding process along by using an automated handheld sander, like an orbital sander. With automated sanders, pay close attention to screws and nails. These can tear the sandpaper, and can even do damage to your sander if you're not careful. When finished sanding, wipe away wood shavings with a clean, damp cloth, and enjoy your new pallet Christmas tree.  After your tree is sanded, you can stain and seal the wood, or you can paint it. Before painting, wipe the wood clean with a water dampened rag, allow the dampness to dry, then:   Open a can of suitable wood primer. Mix it according to its directions. Then use long, smooth strokes with a clean paintbrush to apply several layers to the front of the tree from the top to its bottom.Allow the primer to dry. Then open a can of suitable wood paint and mix it with a paint stirrer. Dip a clean paintbrush into the paint, wipe excess paint on the inside lip of the can, and paint the front of your tree top down with long, even strokes., After your paint is dry, if you want your pallet tree to have a more festive appearance, use decorations, like ornaments, ribbons, glitter, tinsel, and more. These can be attached to your tree with a suitable glue or tape.   You can create the effect of snow on the branches of your pallet tree by dipping a sponge into a little bit of white paint and lightly stippling them. If you want to draw a design on your tree but lack the artistic skill to freehand it, you can always make a stencil and use that to apply the design., For many Christmas celebrating cultures, a Christmas tree is not complete without a strand of lights circling around it. Take a string of lights and wrap it around the branches of your tree until it is completely strung.   If your lights don't hang easily on your tree, you may have to attach them in place. U-shaped tacks or sturdy tape, like duct tape, are useful for holding lights in place. To give your tree the most polished and authentic look, you may want to hide the front and back end of your string of lights behind the tree., You should have two leftover 2x4 boards that you removed from the pallet when cutting the shape of your tree.Take these and use your hammer or pry bar to remove nails and any attached pieces of wood, then:   Measure and mark one long edge of each 2x4 board at its halfway point. An inch (2.54 cm) to either side of your halfway marks, measure and mark a line that extends from long edge to long edge. Lay each board so they are standing upright on their long edge, with your halfway mark oriented upwards. Measure and mark the halfway point between the opposing long edges of the 2x4s. This mark will be at the midpoint of the short edge of the 2x4.  Use your saw to cut the 2x4s at the lines extending between the long sides of the 2x4. The deepness of your notch should not surpass the halfway point you marked between the opposing long edges of each 2x4. Cutting deeper could result in a weak joint between the boards of your stand.   Assemble your stand by fitting the notches together to form an X-shape. You may want to use some wood glue or a fastener, like a screw, to provide additional support where the 2x4s cross., When you lack room to display your cards, you can use push pins or tacks to attach these to your pallet tree to show others.If you want to protect your cards and photos from damage, you might want to use a gentle adhesive tape, instead., A single Christmas tree adds a magical touch to the home in the holiday season. However, by adding a few pallet trees to the room your Christmas tree is in, you can create a magical, winter forest effect in your home.   To give your pallet trees a little more realism, you might want to drape them with similar accents to your living tree., Some festive decorations, like a full sized Christmas tree or wreath, might take up too much space in the smaller rooms of your home. Instead of relying on store bought fake trees, you could use a homemade pallet tree to add holiday cheer to these rooms.   You may be hesitant to use decorations outside your home out of fear they'll be damaged by the weather. Pallet trees are durable and inexpensive to replace, making them excellent outdoor decorations.  The holiday season is a popular time for children and adults alike to put on live performances, sing in cantatas, and so on. Your pallet trees could be the perfect way of creating a woodland or holiday scene on stage.	Prepare your work area. Measure and mark your tape lines. Apply your tape and check for evenness. Wear proper safety equipment. Cut your pallet. Cut the other side, if applicable. Sand your pallet Christmas tree. Paint your pallet tree. Add Christmas themed decorations, if desired. String up lights, if desired. Mark leftover 2x4s to make a stand, if desired. Cut the 2x4s and assemble the tree stand. Display Christmas cards on your tree.The holiday season is a popular time to receive family photos and special cards from your loved ones. Create a winter scene in your home. Add holiday cheer to difficult decorating locations. Use pallet trees as the background to performances.
It should be one that you love a lot, because you will be thinking about it a lot.; , Get on iTunes, and find a song for each part that you listed.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each character that you listed.  If we were doing Divergent, this could include all the factions. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each place.  If we were doing Harry Potter, this could include the Order of the Phoenix, and the Death Eaters. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each group.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each chapter.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each relationship.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each family.  If they are an outside onlooker, get on iTunes, and find a song for the narrator.  If you were doing Lord of the Rings, this could include Frodo vs Sauron. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each relationship.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each character loss.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each battle scene.  If we were doing the Fault in Our Stars, this could include when Augustus find out he his relapsing. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each plot twist.    If the novel has sections, make a list of each section. If we were doing Hunger Games, this would include Part 1 and Part 2. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each section. If there is more than one book in the series, make a list of all the books in the series. If you want, get on iTunes, and find a song for each of the books. If you want, you can also make a separate playlist for the other books.  These could be songs that remind you of the book for no apparent reason, or songs that have a certain mood or idea that relates to the book.   If the book was turned into a movie, get the soundtrack. If the book was turned into a musical, get the songs. If an artist you like ever says a song was inspired by the book, add that song. If there is a movie that is similar to the book, check out that movie's soundtrack and add some of the songs that fit.	Choose a book. Make a list of all the important events in the book. Make a list of characters. Make a list of all the places in the novel. Make a list of the different groups in the book. Make a list of chapters. Make a list of romantic relationships. Make a list of families. Find out if the narrator is a character or an outside onlooker (not in the story, just telling it). Make a list of all the enemy relationships. Make a list of all the deaths and other character losses. Make a list of all the battle scenes. Make a list of all the plot twist. Deal with parts and sections. Get on iTunes to find a bunch of songs that remind you of the book in general. Put your iPod on shuffle and enjoy!
; ,  When you start the dribble you want to push the ball out in front of you to get a quick start. Be sure not to push it out too far or the ball will get stolen.  Then pick the ball up as you are planting your right foot.   This should take anywhere from 1-3 dribbles depending on skill level. 3 at the max. Traveling is taking more than 2 steps without dribbling the ball so make sure you pick the ball up as you plant your right foot about 3-5 feet from the basket.    Your left foot is going to be the foot you jump off of, like a normal right handed layup on the right side. , Move as if they are connected with a string from your elbow to your knee.  There, put the ball off the glass and into the basket.   You want to aim in the middle of the square not the left side.	Start by dribbling the ball on the left side of the floor and basket. Dribble with your left hand towards the basket. Wait until you get about 3-5 feet away from the basket. Step with your left foot.Have the ball in your right hand when you jump. Swing your right leg up as you bring your arm up. Wait until the peak of your jump.
Ask your healthcare provider about local support groups that may be able to help. Chances are, he or she has patients who have needed the same kind of support you are searching for. Attending a group that is recommended by a professional often provides help that is beneficial., If you or your loved one participates in either individual or group therapy, you can ask your therapist to recommend a support group that aligns with your needs. Many therapists are often facilitators for various support groups in the local community.   At the very least, your therapist is probably involved in regional and national mental health organizations that may sponsor support groups in your area. Ask questions to find out how this professional can help you get engaged with a good group.  Talk with the counselor or mental health provider at your school to find groups that may meet where you study. Colleges and universities often have professional- and student-run groups that meet on campus or virtually.   Joining a group that features members of your own age and who experience the same pressures of school that you are can be extremely helpful.  Call or visit churches, libraries, community centers, and other similar venues in your area. Many offer a variety of support groups and may have resources on those in the area, if they do not.   Typically, good support groups have contact people who can give you the information you need before attending and can help you determine if this type of group is appropriate for you., Decide if you have the time and skills it takes to run your own support group, if you are unable to find one that already exists or one you like.Once you determine if you are able to lead a group, you’ll need to find a space to hold the meetings. Some are held in homes, but often, hospitals and churches allow groups to meet at no charge.	Talk to your primary care provider. Consult with your therapist. Ask support services at your school. Contact local churches or community centers. Start a support group of your own.
Get online or do book research. For your online research, do not use Wikipedia, ask, etc... Use only documented sites such as Time, college sites, and government websites.  You will not get credit for doing that. use a maximum of three to five words and document the web address and page number. If you are using a book, document the title, author, and page number  , Start your introduction paragraph with a statement. Introduce your topic. Add what you are going to talk about. Finally write your thesis statement.  All three will take the same format. State the topic of the paragraph. First sentence, write an intro to the evidence. Second sentence, state the evidence as such: "FEMA needs to put more money into helping victims of natural disasters because ....." then cite the source the evidence came from such as this (Brown, 3) it is (Author, Page # Write a sentence of explanation of the evidence. Do this three times per paragraph for three paragraphs.  Restate your thesis, then state the topics of the body in chronological order, state your conclusion  , Take all the evidence you used in the essay. A good site to use for this is easybib.com  ,, Don't let your hard work go to waste!	Choose your topic. When taking notes, do not copy word for word, that is plagiarism!, Write your rough draft. Write the body paragraphs. Write your conclusion. Make sure you do a bibliography. Revise and correct mistakes.  , Print out and turn in by the due date!
One like "snowangle12" is fine... If you think bad spelling (it's 'angel') and unoriginality makes a good username. Yeah, no. Try to be creative and unique with your Animal Jam username. This will make it - and you - memorable. A decent username can be pretty hard to come by, so if you do, only take it if you're certain that you will commit yourself and not become another 'Over 30 days'.   have numbers in your username Twinkle... 0122. Animaljammer... 330. If you're one of those lucky few who manage to snatch a one-word username (e.g. Aparri, Bepper, Skorm, Bruizer, Choruss, Refraction), capitalizing the first letter is recommended. What do WisteriaMoon, LilacPetal, WootMoo, GummyUnicorn, BubblegumBee and WooshieWoo all have in common? They all have names in two, capitalized parts. However, WooshieWoo's Animal Jam username is styled as Wooshiewoo, as Jammers can no longer capitalize their username except for the first letter. You can change your username once by e-mailing AJHQ at support@animaljam.com and requesting a username change.; , You will become popular.  Whether you like it or not, rares are a big part of Animal Jam and something that does contribute and sometimes even cause fame. One long Rare Spiked Collar should be good for appearances, but keep in mind that, while rares are more important than people like to admit, it's not the smartest idea to show them off., One word: giveaways. Big giveaways. Show your fans that you really do care about them!   If possible, log into Animal Jam daily, especially on Mondays to get the RIM (Rare Item Monday). While most rares, especially member ones, fizzle out, some will amass rarity over time. A good example of this is the Rare Necklace, which many people recycle due to its undesirable nature. However, it is now worth up to as much as a Headdress. Even if it's tempting to recycle that member or non-member RIM to make room for other, better rares, keep a hold on them. Make a separate, storage account exclusively for those little things that may or may not be the next black long!  , Choose your own animal. Arctic wolfs are used by everyone so you can uses an animal that no one uses and maybe you can start making jammers wear that animal Note if you are nonmember, you can always use wolves or bunnies.   When you think of WolfDog, you think of a wolf. Their looks are cool because they match their personality.  Don't copy a personality; create your own. Try to match up your outfit to make a kind of signature look.  Make one hundred friends. Delete people now and again so more people get the chance to buddy you.    Get at least ten subs before you take it up a notch.  Examples: Sky High, Nyan cat challenge, Talkshows, Music Videos, Mail times (if you are famous enough to get a lot of gifts, never ask people to gift you for a mail time) Daily jamaaliday gifts ( It depends on the time of year, such as Halloween ) Make sure to leave links on your YouTube channel to your social media pages.   Make any videos you think are interesting and post them to your channel. Never make a video that says: I just got a Rare Spiked Collar. It will make you seem of less interest to your viewers.  If you do this, more people will recognize you and you'll become more famous.  Some good sites to use: Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Google+, or Instagram.  These include the activities explained in this section.,, Make money, have many animals, many dens, and rares. Recycle store bought items that you get in mail times to get gems. , This will open up lots more opportunities to increase your fame in the game.  This will be a place where others can come and spend time hanging out with you, thereby making you famous.  Make a club/clan name that can be perfect. like, AJ Rockers, Beetles, Bag Bugs, or anything else.  You want jammers to know it's a club/clan, so make the club/clan epic, like put epic rare stuff in your den or so. , Talk about what you do in the club/clan, like, you might sing, do adventures, bands, it doesn't matter.  If you scam, you will have a chance of getting suspended for a day, a week, a month, or even for an infinite period of time.  Hacking is a way to get banned even though it could get you many rares.	Choose an appropriate username. Try hosting parties, fashion shows, etc. Be rare. If you want people to gift you stuff when you're famous, you're going to have to return the favour. Choose your custom animal. Have a personality. Build a following. Make a YouTube channel and encourage everyone to subscribe to you. Make exciting videos. Make accounts on different social media sites (Twitter, Instagram, Picmonkey). Do activities that are likely to increase your fame. Send many jam a grams and start mail times, giveaways, blogs, websites, channels, etc.  , Be rich.Have fun in all your adventures, Don't give up at your dreams and reach for victory to become famous like Bepper or Wootmoo!, Get a membership. Decide on a club/clan idea. Make a name for the club/clan. Make it epic.Start calling it out  , Be nice. Don't scam. Avoid hacking.
; , Divide this in half, as the Sambuca and tequila will take up most of the glass (each will take up about half of the shot glass). This can be done by eye or with measuring cups.   At this point you can add the Tabasco sauce, or add the Sambuca and add the Tabasco sauce after the tequila has been layered over the Sambuca. To add the Tabasco sauce this point, add some Tabasco sauce to a spoon (enough to almost fill a teaspoon) and carefully pour the sauce over the Sambuca. To layer the Tabasco sauce over the Sambuca, spoon the Tabasco sauce on the sambuca while keeping the spoon very near the surface, or slowly pour or drip the Tabasco down the side of the glass. ,,	Set a shot glass on a table. Estimate the capacity (volume) the shot glass. Pour the Sambuca directly into the glass so that it fills up about one half of the glass. Using the technique described in the article Make Layered Shots, layer the tequila over the Sambuca.  , Add a few or more drops of Tabasco sauce to the shot if it was not added earlier.  , Serve the drink.
; , However, leave about 150 pixels of room above the top pen tool mark.  Do this by clicking off the tab. Experiment with the right distance. You'll notice that every tab has two lines coming from it.       By clicking and dragging these lines, you can control the direction of the path, without moving the 'tab'. You may do this as seen fit as to what you will create; the example is using a heart, so the lines will be altered into the shape of half a heart. The reason why there is only a half is that since a heart is symmetrical, this half can be duplicated and flipped to create the other half. The heart in the example has been done a little different and is asymmetrical.  Fill with a gradient color of your choice. The example uses a normal red to dark red radial gradient.  Adjust as needed.	Create a new image that is 500 pixels high and 500 pixels wide. Select your path tool and create a line from the top of the canvas to the bottom. Pull the tab upwards towards the left hand corner of your canvas. Click 'Create Selection From Path' in your tool options. Duplicate the layer that your half heart is on, and go to Layer > Transform > Flip Horizontally.
Listening is as important as what you say. If you are in a team meeting, you should probably listen to your employees before speaking yourself.To become a skilled listener, get rid of any distractions. Put away your phone or tablet, and don’t glance back over your shoulder to your computer screen. Instead, focus on the person who is talking.As you listen, focus on body language, which contains important cues. Someone who claims to be happy while sitting with their arms crossed is saying one thing but signaling another. Also tend to your own body language as you listen. Practice sitting still and listening to people share bad news. It’s important not to snap back in response.  You never know where you best ideas will come from, so you should encourage team members to voice their opinions. Give people many outlets for sharing their ideas. Not everyone likes to talk in meetings, so welcome people to share ideas via email or in individual meetings with you.   Remember not to make fun of someone for their ideas, even if those ideas are unoriginal or poorly thought out.If you knock someone for voicing an opinion, you are sending a message that people should keep their ideas to themselves. Also ensure everyone can participate. This may mean reining in any team member who is overly negative or is trying to dominate the conversation.Say something like, “Gregg, thanks for sharing your thoughts. I definitely hear you. Now, I’d like to hear from Sonia and Marie.”  , Effective communication is clear and thorough.Strive to be as clear as possible to minimize misunderstandings. Think before you reach out to someone else and make sure you know what you want to say.   Balance thoroughness with brevity. You don’t need to take up everyone’s time with endless emails or team memos. Get to the point.  Email is incredibly convenient. You can pop off a written note to a team member at any time of the day and retain a copy of your communication. However, it’s difficult to read someone’s tone in an email. For example, you might send an email intended as a joke which the recipient perceives is hostile.   No modern business can survive without email. However, use it strategically. For example, you should avoid email if you are having a difficult relationship with one team member. Instead, communicate face to face so that they can read your non-verbal cues.  Meetings often take longer than necessary. If possible, communicate in other ways. If you do hold a meeting, draft a schedule and distribute it ahead of time. Stick to it as much as possible.Sometimes, you need to have meetings, and an effective manager can identify those times. Don’t hold a meeting when you can send a memo instead. However, hold meetings to brainstorm, or when you want to hear your employees’ perspective.  As a manager, you are also a coach. You need to provide guidance to your team members so that they can perform at their best level. Tailor your feedback to each team member’s communication styles and motivation.   Ideally, however, you will balance negative feedback with praise.Also follow up negative feedback with concrete advice. Don’t say, “Maybe focus harder.” Instead, show an employee how they can manage their workflow, or put them in touch with someone who can help them. Remember your company’s employee assistance program (EAP). You aren’t a therapist tasked with helping an employee sort out their personal life. However, you can encourage them to contact the EAP and schedule a counseling session.  In your early days as a manager, make it your goal to get out and meet everyone in the organization who directly or indirectly affects your team.Walk around the building and introduce yourself to people. Ask questions about their department.   Communicating broadly helps in two ways. First, you’ll get to know who you should contact whenever you need help. For example, you might find out that an assistant wields all of the power in Human Resources. They can be your go-to person. Second, you’ll build rapport with people, who might go the extra mile to help you when you need it.  Communication is also non-verbal. Maintain your credibility in the eyes of your team, which means looking like the manager on your team. Aim to dress slightly more professional than your team members.If your employees dress casual, you should dress business casual. If your employees dress business casual, then wear a suit to work.  In fact, they should respect you, not be your best friend. If you’re too nice, employees may slack off, knowing they have nothing to fear.You don’t gain much by being “hard as nails,” either. Instead, aim to show empathy. Remember that “kindness,” not “niceness,” is what is important.  Shy people can certainly be effective managers. However, you need to work deliberately to counteract your shyness. Consider the following tips:Get to know team members in a way that feels comfortable. For example, you might want to schedule one-on-one meetings in your office at first. Write a short agenda that will give you something to refer to if you feel tongue-tied. Prepare properly. Employees tend to question business decisions, so arm yourself with facts ahead of time to explain the decision you’ve made. This will help you speak authoritatively. Lean on mentors to help you. Find someone higher up to coach you on difficult tasks, such as disciplining employees. Be yourself. You’re shy—and that’s okay. You don’t need to pretend to be a standup comic. Instead, be yourself. If you’re consistent, your team will come around to appreciate your management style.	Listen. Encourage others to participate. Be clear. Use email carefully. Minimize your use of meetings. Provide effective feedback. Communicate across all levels of the organization. Dress the part. Don’t obsess about being “nice.” The sign of a novice manager is a fear that your team won’t like you. Overcome shyness.
The kitten should be separated from the litter, especially if an infection is detected. Kittens rely on huddling with their mother and littermates to keep warm, so you should take efforts to keep a separated kitten warm.Keep the ambient temperature as warm as possible. Keep the kitten wrapped in a blanket or towel. You can use a heating pad to keep its box warm, but be sure to check the pad frequently to make sure it’s not too hot.  In addition to maintaining a warm temperature, nursery conditions should also be humid. Using a humidifier if necessary, keep the ambient humidity between 55 and 65 percent.Humidity will help prevent fluid loss and dehydration.  If the kitten cannot nurse, you should bottle feed it every two hours. If it cannot suckle, it’ll require a dextrose solution (a sugar solution), which the vet can administer intravenously.If the kitten is dehydrated, the vet will also have to administer an intravenous fluid line.  If the vet identified an infection or parasitic infestation, they will likely prescribe an antibiotic or antifungal medication. If the kitten can suckle, a liquid medication can be added to milk. If not, medication will likely have to be injected.	Keep the kitten separated and warm. Provide humid nursery conditions. Treat dehydration and malnutrition. Treat any infections or parasites.
; ,,          If the stems are tender, you don't have to cut them away. They can be used along with the caps of the mushrooms for added flavor. ,          Depending on the recipe and the method you decide to use in shiitake mushroom preparation, you can slice them, chop them into pieces, or even use them whole. Slices go well for side dishes, while smaller pieces are best in soups, stuffings or sauces. ,          You can grill them by brushing them with olive oil and putting them on the grill for about 5 to 10 minutes. Sauté them with butter, salt and pepper for 4 to 5 minutes in a hot skillet. Try roasting them sliced or whole in the oven for about 15 minutes after basting them with oil. If you plan to prepare shitake mushrooms by using them in a recipe such as stuffed mushroom caps, mushroom stuffing, or mushroom gravy, closely follow the recipe of your choice.	Select your shitake mushrooms from the produce section of your local grocery store. Wash your mushrooms thoroughly but gently.         , Remove any tough spots on the stems, or the entire stem, when preparing shitake mushrooms. Dry your shitake mushrooms by blotting them with paper towel or a clean kitchen towel.         , Cut your shitake mushrooms as desired using a sharp kitchen knife. Gather other ingredients you might need for preparing your shitake mushrooms, including butter, oil and herbs and spices.         , Select the desired method of cooking your shitake mushrooms. Serve your prepared shitake mushrooms.
Roll out a yoga or exercise mat, and sit in the center. Sit with your back straight and shoulders relaxed. Draw your abdomen in towards your spine to engage your muscles as you do this exercise., Whichever leg you are not working will be in front. With the thigh extending straight from the hip, bend the knee at a 90 degree angle. The front thigh should be extended straight from your hip. It needs to rest completely against the floor., The back leg will be the one that is lifted. Pull back the leg behind your hip and bend it. The back knee must stay behind your hip at all times. Resist bringing it forward to be parallel with your hip.When you are in position, your legs should be almost in the splits.	Sit on the floor. Angle one knee in front. Bend the other knee behind you.
This may be the biggest “no brainer” step of all, because you need to have good information on the card if it’s going to be helpful. Try to think of making flash cards as part of the study process, not just a step that allows you to study. It is oftentimes the first foray into the study process for you. Pay close attention to the material. Try to add your own insight while you are making them. It will help you remember the information later on.   Some researchers even think that hand-written flash cards work more effectively than those made on MS Word, with other software programs, or online. Princeton and UCLA psychologists found that information retention increases when students are forced to write it out on paper. Your brain is forced to process the new material in a different way than if you simply type it out verbatim., Don’t just make the flash cards and look them over right before a test. Reference them frequently. Set aside a chunk of study time when you won’t be disturbed. Go through the notecards methodically. Keep them at hand throughout the day and reference a couple during television commercials, when you are sitting on the bus, or waiting in line at the grocery store. Your goal is to know the entire stack backwards, forwards, and mixed up. You can only do this if you test yourself frequently., It doesn’t matter if the other person is in your class or not. All they have to do is be able to read to you what you’ve written on the card. Have them show you one side of the card. You then explain the material on the other side, making sure that you use key phrases.   If you are new to the information, you might even have your study helper show you the side with the information and then you say the key word., One of the biggest mistakes that students make is discarding their flash cards after the quiz or exam. Information compounds over the course of the semester and from one class to the next. If you are taking a course that has several parts, consider creating a much larger “bank” of flash cards to reference in the coming months.	Take your time to make flash cards. Test yourself frequently. Have someone test you. Keep your notecards until you are absolutely sure that you don’t need them.
Witches have been in the PC edition since 1.4.2, and in the console edition since December 2014. They are not available in Minecraft Pocket Edition.   A known bug in the PC edition version 1.8 prevents witches from spawning in witch huts for some players (possibly just in Windows 7).As of November 2015, there is no word on whether this will be fixed in 1.9.  Each witch killed only gives about a 16% chance of dropping gunpowder, compared to a 66% chance when killing creepers. However, the witch can drop up to six items and may drop other items like spider eyes or glowstone. This makes them more profitable if you're interested in these extra items.  You can find witches anywhere, but they're much more common around witch huts. These wooden buildings on stilts only spawn in swamp biomes, which are watery areas filled with trees.   Witch huts can be difficult to find. You can try using a mapping mod such as AMIDST.  Dig a small pit in front of the hut's doorway. A short distance away, build a small hill or tower. Make sure you have line of sight to fire bows from this high ground into the pit. Include a barrier to hide behind as well, since witches throw damaging potions.   Warning: the hut may contain a witch. Be prepared for a fair fight before you set up your trap.  Bows and arrows are the easiest way to kill a witch. If you draw back the bow fully before firing, three arrows will do the trick.   Witches can drink healing potions so that you may need additional arrows.  Alternatively, just run up to the witch and kill it with a sword. Once you know how the witch's potions work, this isn't too difficult:The witch will slow you down if it sees you from more than eight blocks away. Ambush it from behind a tree or barrier to prevent this. The witch will poison you. Poison cannot kill you, but it can bring you to one health. Have a healing item ready to recover after the combat. Each subsequent potion will deal six damage. You should survive if you have decent armor and can kill the witch quickly.	Check your version number. Know the odds. Find a witch hut. Dig a trap in front of the house (optional). Shoot the witch when it spawns. Kill the witch with a sword.
This will help you finish off the quests faster. Don't worry; this can be done very easily in starting areas. For example, gather 1 quest that requires you to kill X mobs, 1 quest that requires you to loot Y objects you find on those mobs, and 1 quest that requires you to gather some stuff that can be found in nature (not on mobs). After you complete all of them, go report those quests.; , Level up to 2 by grinding, since you have to kill a very small number of mobs to level up. Start with mobs of higher level (3 and so).  This will ensure that you defeat mobs easily. As soon as you can learn a new one, rush to the trainer.  Avoid melee fights at any cost. Most mobs can't attack from range; that is a huge advantage to you. Enhance your ranged attacks as much as you can (i.e. buy better ranged weapons). Make sure the mob is dead before it comes close enough for them to attack you.  Although it's not advisable to do this at higher levels, when you are below level 20 you must loot everything you find. Sell the junk to the vendor and gain some extra coppers and maybe even silvers.	Gather as many quests as you can that can be done in the same area. Don't be afraid of grinding!, Use as many spells and abilities as you can. Attack from range if possible. Loot all the useless junk you find.
Do not give out their contact information to potential employers unless they give you their explicit permission.   When asking your references for permission to give out their contact information, make sure that they plan on giving a positive recommendation. It’s also a good idea to ask your references how they would prefer to be contacted (ex. email, work phone, cell phone, etc.).  You don't need to have "References available upon request" at the bottom of your resume. Employers will assume you have references and will ask for them specifically - usually at the end of the hiring process.   Unless you are applying to be a nanny, personal assistant, or something with a similar level of one-on-one interaction, the main body of your resume should not even mention references.  The heading should include your name in a clear, bold font. In a slightly smaller font beneath that, you should include your address, phone number, and email. For aesthetic reasons, you can align your contact information to the opposite corner, as below.   You may also want to add a line underneath the heading in order to clearly separate it from the rest of the document. If you include a line, choose one that is simple and elegant. For a more cohesive, professional look, maintain the same style and formatting that you used in your resume.  The title should be in a slightly larger font - about the same size as your name is in the header.   Choose a simple, clear title that reflects the content of the page. "Professional References for (Your Name)" is a good example.  There are no hard rules for what order to list your references. It can be handy to list your "best" references first - that is, references that are extremely positive and that have worked with you for the longest.   Begin your reference list by listing the name of the first reference in bold. In the line beneath that, write their relationship to you and the company you both worked at. Include the work address beneath that – provided that they still work at the company where you both worked together; If they do not, leave the work address out and remember to check to make sure that your contact information is current. If your reference has agreed to be contacted by phone, list the phone number next. Remember to indicate whether the number is for a work phone or cell phone. If your reference has agreed to be contacted by email, include the e-mail last (as email is less personal than a phone call).  If you have experience in multiple fields of work, breaking your reference list into several subsections, one for each field, will make the page easier to read for your employer.   Keep in mind that references that you gained while working in a field of work that differs greatly from the one you are applying for shouldn't be listed.	Make sure your references know that you will be using them as references. Use a separate page for your references. Start your reference list with a heading. Under the heading, add a clear title. List your references and their relevant information. Format any additional references in a similar way.
Even if nothing of note has transpired, it's important to set aside time to blog. Getting in the rhythm of blogging can be difficult, but pretty soon you'll be doing it by instinct: Like the first day of school, it may be a bit awkward at first, but you soon make friends and grow comfortable in your new environment.   Think about special themed days when posting. If you wanted, for example, you could have "Maniac Mondays," where each Monday, you blog about one person whose crazy ideas changed the world. This lends your blog some structure and helps keep you writing, even when you're not exactly sure what to write about.  If you're having trouble writing, keep your blog posts short. A blog can be different from a diary, expose, or news article. It's meant to be digested quickly, to offer interlocking pieces of evidence and tie them together concisely. Keep these three guidelines in mind when you start blogging:   A blog can be a place for reading. Jot things down quickly rather than write extended essays on them. A "Hey, look at this!" seems to be a lot more effective in blog form than a "And these are all the reasons why I'm better than you." Use links. Link out to other interesting pieces of content out on the web. For one, it will help you remember interesting sites that you stumble across. Second, it will save you the time to paraphrase what's going on — unless that's what you're trying to do! Revisit old themes. Just because you've already written a blog doesn't mean you need to file it away in a musty place. Revisit your feelings about that article in a new article, for example.  For example, "E made me very mad today; I've had it up to here with his selfishness." This ensures that no feelings will be hurt should someone stumble upon your blog.  Feelings do not always make sense! Fortunately, they don't have to. All that matters is that your emotions end up blogged rather than expressed as an ulcer. Remember that your blog exists only as an outlet for you. You don't have to worry about pleasing other people if you don't want to.   Often, you'll find that writing about something helps you understand it. So even if you don't quite understand it yet, being truthful about it can help you figure it out. Writing is an act of self-discovery. If you're truthful when you write, you're sure to discover things about yourself that you didn't know about.  Once you have blogged for a while, go back and review. Have you learned the sources of stress in your life? Can you identify any running themes? Is a particular person toxic to your emotional health?  , Even if you are anonymous, your blog may still be enjoyed by readers and commentors. Often, they leave a comment underneath your article expressing praise, opinions, or questions. Successful bloggers understand that interacting with these fans of your work is an important part of spurring readership.Respond to most, not all, comments. Often, a reader will leave a comment urging you to keep on writing. A simple "Thank you, appreciated," might be a good way to respond. Other times, people will ramble off-topic or express very controversial opinions. It is not necessary to respond to each and every one of your commenters if you don't wish to.Include a call to action at the end of a post (optional). Obviously, if you don't intend to show your blog to other people, a call to action is unnecessary. But if you enjoy the thought of soliciting the opinion of your readers, include something like "What was your favorite Christmas present?" or "What do you think about the Federal stimulus?" in an appropriately themed post.  The people closest to you care about your thoughts and feelings. Although you've probably started a personal blog as a placeholder for your own thoughts and emotions, it can be powerful to share those experiences with other people. What you're doing is starting a conversation, and conversation can be enlightening, uplifting, and powerful.  For example, maybe you've just been given a diagnosis of cancer and decided to start a blog to document your journey. You only intended for it to be seen by you. But what you grew to understand as you started writing was that sharing your deepest fears and desires actually brought you closer to the people around you; it made you more human. Sharing this realization with your close friends and family can be incredibly freeing.	Try to blog every day. Keep posts short. Use first letters of names when writing about others to maintain anonymity. Be truthful. Learn from your posts. Interact with your community of readers and commentors. Share your writing with close friends and family.
If you have started meditating or practicing other relaxation techniques to reduce stress, make use of them when you're having an episode. Practice deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation, meditation, or any other activity that helps you feel centered and calm.  If you choose to consult a doctor or therapist about your condition, he or she will want to know about the circumstances that may trigger your symptoms. This information is important to develop an effective treatment plan. When you have an episode, document the time of day, what you were doing, and any emotions you experienced before the onset of symptoms. Also document the time when the symptoms subside.If you are keeping a journal, this is good information to include in your daily entry. If you are not journaling and have a smartphone, consider creating notes on your phone to keep the information handy.  Various therapeutic modalities may be beneficial, so explore various options. Psychodynamic and cognitive behavioral individual talk therapies have been shown to be successful treatments for depersonalization/derealization disorder. If conflict contributes to your symptoms, consider couples or family therapy in addition to individual therapy. Joining a support group may be helpful if you are experiencing feelings of isolation.Be sure to tell your counselor or therapist you want to avoid medication.	Use relaxation techniques to stay calm during an episode. Document the events preceding the onset of symptoms. Seek help from a mental health professional if symptoms last for long periods of time or occur often.
Apple is meticulous with its packaging. On new boxes, the colors should be bright and unfaded, and the images crisp and unblurred. Authentic boxes also bear a stamp on the back that reads, "Designed by Apple in California."   Fake iPhones can be packaged in reused authentic boxes.; , There should be a label should be on the back of the packaging.   Check the MEID and IMEI on the device itself by opening Settings, then tap General, tap About, and scroll down to see the MEID and IMEI for comparison. IMEI stands for International Mobile Equipment Identity; MEID stands for Mobile Equipment Identifier.  The back of the iPhone features manufacturing details including a set of codes and the model number. Check that the Model and IMEI numbers match those numbers on the retail box label.  To do so, click the link to the left or type "checkcoverage.apple.com" in a Web browser and enter the device serial number.  The serial number should be on the back of the packaging. Open Settings on the device, then tap General, tap About, and scroll down to see the Serial Number on the device for comparison.  Take the device into an Apple Store or compare it with a friend's iPhone 5.	Inspect the packaging. Compare the MEID and IMEI on the packaging with those in the iPhone. Check the back logo. Check the device serial number on the Apple website. Compare the device side-by-side with an authentic iPhone 5.
Equipment that’s not cleaned and sanitized properly can lead to mold and bacterial growth. This could make you sick, and prevent the wine from fermenting properly. Mix a cleaning solution with water and thoroughly scrub all tools and equipment with a non-abrasive pad or cloth.  Good cleaning products for winemaking equipment include Pro-Zyme, Sparkle Brite (also called Diversol), P.B.W., B-Brite, and Straight A.To clean demijohns, fill the container halfway with cleaning solution, plug the hole, and shake and tip the demijohn back and forth to slosh the solution around.; , Once the tools and equipment have been cleaned, you must still sanitize them by soaking them in a solution of water and cleaner. Mix your sanitizing cleaner with water and soak all tools and equipment for between five and 30 minutes, according to the manufacturer’s instructions.  Good sanitizing products for wine equipment include sodium metabisulfite, potassium metabisulfite, and iodophor.For equipment that you aren't using right away, clean and sanitize the equipment right before you need it. When the soaking time is up, remove the equipment from the solution and allow it to drip dry.  The best grape juice to make wine is a preservative-free juice with no additional ingredients.The ingredients should be 100 percent juice. Pour the juice into the sanitized wine fermenter, which is a special plastic bucket with an airtight lid, tap, and built-in hole for an airlock.  After soaking To make more wine, simply increase the quantities of all the ingredients equally, with the exception of the yeast. You can also use a demijohn (also called a carboy) for the first fermentation. You will need two demijohns to make the wine in that case. Do not use polyethylene containers or blue water bottles to make wine., Reserve 1 tablespoon (14 g) of sugar and pour the rest into the fermenter with the juice. Stir the sugar with a sanitized spoon to mix it into the juice. The yeast will eat the sugar and convert the sugar into alcohol and carbon dioxide. This process is known as fermentation.  Granulated white sugar is the most common sugar to use for wine. You can use other sugars, such as brown sugar, but this may change the flavor of the wine. Do not use confectioner’s sugar to make wine, as it contains corn starch as well as sugar.  Campden tablets are sulfur-based tablets that can be used to sterilize juice, wine, cider, beer, and beverage-making equipment. They kill bacteria and prevent mold and yeast growth. Add one tablet to the juice and let it dissolve.  Use one tablet per gallon (3.8 L) of juice., Cover the top of the fermenter with a clean, lightweight towel or piece of cheesecloth. Secure the towel in place with an elastic around the outside of the fermenter. Leave the fermenter somewhere out of the way at room temperature for the next 24 hours.  It’s important to wait 24 hours before adding the yeast to the juice, because the Campden tablet is creating an environment that would kill the yeast if you added it right away., In a small, clean bowl, combine the package of yeast, the remaining 1 tablespoon (14 g) of sugar, and the lukewarm water. Let it sit for five minutes. During this time, the yeast will activate and become frothy and bubbly.A single package of wine yeast is sufficient for up to 5 gallons (19 L) of juice.  Remove the towel from the top of the fermenter. When the yeast is frothy and foamy, pour the mixture into the juice. Stir the mixture with a sanitized spoon to incorporate the yeast mixture into the juice.Place a clean towel or cheesecloth on top of the fermenter and secure it in place with an elastic.  Place the fermenter in a warm place in your house. Let the wine ferment, undisturbed, for five to seven days. During this time, the juice will begin to bubble as the yeast converts the sugar to alcohol and carbon dioxide.The initial fermentation is complete when the bubbles start to slow and signs of fermentation die down.  Place a sanitized funnel into the mouth of a sanitized demijohn. Remove the towel from the fermenter. Pick up the fermenter, being careful not to agitate the contents. Slowly and carefully the liquid from the fermenter into the demijohn through the funnel.  Stop pouring just before the fermenter is empty to leave the layer of sediment in the bottom of the fermenter. This process is known as racking. The purpose of it is to eliminate sediment that’s settled on the bottom of the fermenter. Each time you rack the wine, you'll remove more sediment, which will result in a clearer wine. Demijohns for winemaking should be made of glass or PET plastic.If you're making more than a single gallon of wine, make sure there's plenty of headroom inside the demijohn. Divide the wine between two demijohns if necessary.  Place the wine airlock into the mouth of the demijohn. Fill the airlock halfway with water. This device will allow gasses to escape from the demijohn, but will not let yeast, bacteria, or oxygen into the wine., Place the demijohn somewhere that’s room temperature and let it sit for another five weeks. The winemaking process usually takes six weeks in total, so it still needs another five for the fermentation process to complete.If you're in a rush, you can get away with leaving the wine for just three weeks, but it may not be as strong and the flavors won’t be as developed.  Fill a bowl with a pint (473 ml) of water. Add ⅛ teaspoon of sodium metabisulfite and stir to combine. Add the corks to the bowl and let them soak for one to two hours, until they become slightly soft. This will sanitize the corks and prevent them from contaminating the wine.When the corks are soft, but not spongy, remove them from the cleaning mixture and transfer them to a colander to drain. T-corks are the easiest to use for home winemaking, because they don’t require a corking device.  After the five weeks are up, remove the airlock from the demijohn. Pick up the demijohn carefully to avoid agitating the sediment on the bottom. Slowly pour the wine into the re-sanitized fermenter.  Leave the bottom inch or so in the demijohn to keep the wine clear of sediment., Crush a Campden tablet into a fine powder. Add the powder to the wine and use a long spoon to stir it in. This will kill any bacteria or organisms that could spoil the wine after bottling., Place a sanitized bottle under the tap on the fermenter. Turn on the tap and let the wine run until the bottle is nearly full. Turn off the tap.Leave at least an inch of headroom for the cork. Push a sanitized cork all the way into the mouth of the bottle. Repeat until all the bottles have been filled and corked.  Five 25.3-ounce (750-ml) bottles should be sufficient for a gallon (3.8 L) of wine, because some liquid will have been lost during racking.	Clean the equipment. Sanitize the equipment right before use. Transfer the juice to a fermenter. Add the sugar. Add a Campden tablet. Cover the fermenter and wait 24 hours. Activate the yeast. Add the yeast mixture to the juice. Let the mixture ferment for a week. Transfer the wine to a demijohn. Add a wine airlock. Let the wine ferment for five weeks. Sanitize the corks. Transfer the wine to a sanitized fermenter. Add another Campden tablet. Bottle and cork wine.
People generally agree that bald Britney was not her brightest moment. She has platinum blond hair with lighter blond highlights, as well as layered cut that adds texture to her look.  Britney has been seen with her hair in waves as well as simply pulled back in a ponytail or messy bun, so pick a look based on what you're going for.  Britney is always camera ready, of course.   Use bronzer along the frame of your face and under your cheeks to give your face definition. Apply pale rose blush to the apples of your cheeks.  Britney doesn't put on a heavy amount of makeup, but it's certainly noticeable.  Likewise, Britney prefers to go light with lip makeup.  Britney tends to prefer colored lenses that are not extremely dark, as shown in this picture.	Grow out your hair past your shoulders, get extensions, or wear a wig. Style your hair with a brush and blow dryer to give it a voluminous, slightly messy look. Apply foundation and concealer all over your face and neck to fix up any blemishes. Define your eyes with eyeliner, mascara, and a shimmery eyeshadow. Use a light pinkish lipgloss or lipstick for your lips. Get a pair of large, round sunglasses with thick frames.
Before anything else you need to dress like a Hunter. Luckily that is not too difficult. You need brown pants, a white or gray shirt, a blue hoodie and some duct tape.; , This means that you should seem a little crazy or perhaps a little drunk. Also, try to be out mostly at night. If you must come out during the day, then try to stay in the shade whenever possible.   Of course you need to draw the line somewhere. Don't do everything that a character from a first person shooter does, that will create legal trouble for you.  If you aren't crawling, then hunch over and put your hands out in front of you. Try to hold your fingers as if they were mangled in an accident.  The hunters are always climbing around on objects. You should climb around as best you can to complete the image.  Pouncing is not that hard. when you pounce you have to squat like a frog. Using your hands to stabilize your weight. It takes about a half second for the blood to pump into your legs allowing you to jump at lightning speed toward your target.   When you attack your target your victim is on his back. one leg is on one side the other is on the other side of your victim. The important thing to know about a hunters victim is once their on there back their a lot like a turtle they can't get up... In fact a victim can't even push a hunter off once their in this position no matter how hard they try they will never get the hunter off of the victim. Now generally when a hunter is in this position he will be clawing at he's victims abdomen in the hunters blood frenzy. Now that pretty much covers pouncing, face clawing.	Dress the part. Act in character for a Hunter. Crawl fast. Climb on things. Pounce like a hunter.
For many people, the easiest time to work it in is in the morning. Some studies indicate a morning workout leads to more restful sleep. Many people prefer to exercise in the morning because it helps them to wake up and be energized for the day. It’s possible the exercise sets a body up for the rest of the day, exposing us to sunlight, and even aligning the circadian cycle for the day.You can also exercise in the late afternoon or early evening. Although you may already feel exhausted during this part of the day, exercise at this time may energize you for a few minutes, free up some room for dinner, and use up your remaining energy stores. Some studies even indicate afternoon exercise may be most beneficial for the circadian rhythm. On top of that, the energy release could cause you to have deeper sleep. As a result of increased body temperature and other factors, some recommend building in a buffer between working out and sleeping. Exercise before sleep, however, has been found in some studies to actually improve the quality of sleep., While many people have a variety of excuses for skipping exercise, failing to exercise may create the lethargy that ends up in a vicious cycle of insomnia and fatigue. Try a few motivation techniques to ensure you get your necessary exercise.Give yourself a visual cue to work out by keeping your workout gear in plain sight. Seeing your running shoes every day could almost shame you to put them on for a run. Buy plenty of workout clothes. Don’t let laundry day act as an excuse for skipping the gym. Associate your workouts with a cause. There are plenty of ways to fundraise for charity for great causes that link up well to exercise. Get pure donations or iteration-based donations for a charity you feel connected with and you’ll feel too guilty to become lackadaisical.  When, where and how you exercise can affect your sleep cycles. If you don’t have a lot of time, try one of the following suggestions:   Do crunches during your commute. Squeeze your abs for 30 second intervals, relax, then do it again. Use foot power to get to work. Even if it’s jogging from public transportation to your house, fitting in a few minutes every day can make a big difference. Squats around the house are easy to do if you fit them into your daily routine. Picking items up off the floor, grabbing the oven door, putting on your shoes, there are literally unlimited ways to integrate squats into your life.  Even if you don't have time to exercise on a given day, you can still help yourself rest better by staying active instead of being sedentary. For example, parking your car farther from a building and forcing yourself to walk, or taking the stairs every day can have positive effects on weight and sleep. They also use up excess energy and add to your body's need to rest at night.	Find a time to exercise daily. Fight the urge to dismiss exercise. Choose the type of exercise that works best with your routine. Stay active throughout the day.
Do so on all devices and services, such as iCloud and iTunes, that you're signed into with your current Apple ID, EXCEPT the device you're using to change your Apple ID., It's a gray app with gears (⚙️) that's typically located on your home screen., It's the section at the top of the screen that contains your name and image, if you've added one., It's at the top of the first section., It's a blue link on the right side of the screen next to "REACHABLE AT.", It's the first email address in the list, with the words "Apple ID" in small text just below it.  On some devices, you may need to tap a "-" next to the email address rather than swiping left. If your Apple ID ends in @mac.com, @me.com, or @iCloud.com, you will not be able to swipe left.  It's a red button to the right of your Apple ID., You'll be prompted to choose another email address already associated with your Apple ID, if there is one, or to enter a new email address., Use an address that's neither already associated with an Apple ID nor likely to change soon.  If prompted, answer the security questions you set up with your Apple ID or your Apple ID password.  Apple will send an email with a verification code to your new email address., Look for the message sent by Apple., Type the code from the email message in the spaces that appear on your device's screen., You can now sign back in to your devices and Apple services with your new Apple ID.  If you have two-step verification enabled, tap or click on "Allow" on another device, then enter the six-digit code in the spaces on the screen.	Sign out of Apple ID. Open Settings. Tap your Apple ID. Tap Name, Phone Numbers, Email. Tap Edit. Swipe left on your current Apple ID. Tap Delete. Tap Continue. Enter a new email address. Click on Next. Check your email. Enter the verification code. Sign in with your new Apple ID.
Brushing wet hair not only disrupts your hair’s cuticles, it can also stretch hair, leading to breakage. Instead, gently squeeze your hair with a microfiber tower or old t-shirt and comb or finger comb it.Add a touch of your preferred conditional or anti-frizz product.  If you can't brush dry hair but still have to have a decent head of hair on a humid or brisk day, wet your hands and then finger-comb your hair to tackle any frizz and tame any tangles., This way, you are still giving your hair a lift without drying the hair shaft and hair tips.   Look for a blow dryer with a diffuser, as this can limit the amount of heat being blasted on your roots.  As you blow dry your roots, spin around brush through your hair to help smooth the cuticles flat., Towel drying roughs up your hair's cuticle so instead of lying flat, it looks frizzy. Instead, use an absorbent microfiber towel to gently press water out of your hair., These products will only cook your curls, rather than hydrate them and lead to more frizz., These treatments can make your hair brittle and lead to breakage, so go easy on them or avoid them completely. You can use heat-protecters on your hair if you need to. Try a heatless way to straighten/curl your hair.	Avoid brushing wet hair. Wet your fingers before you finger comb dry hair. Only blow dry the roots of your hair. Use a round or boar bristle brush to smooth your hair. Avoid towel drying your hair. Put away the flat irons and curling irons. Avoid over-processing your hair with relaxers and straighteners.
Using a primer is one of the most important steps in creating great looking skin. It is also one that is commonly skipped. Primer is a product that goes on first when applying your make-up. Think of it as the best foundation for your foundation! Primers create a palette that is bright and smooth, which will make the rest of your make-up look flawless. Ask your dermatologist to recommend a primer that is right for you. When used correctly, this product can have a great impact on skin issues such as discoloration and increasing the overall health of your face., The young and fresh look is definitely a trend in fashion right now. But looking natural does not mean that you shouldn't take care to make your skin look smooth and even. Foundation is necessary to create a clear, even-looking skin tone. Make sure to choose your color carefully. The idea is to make your skin look pretty, not painted on. Blend carefully to make sure that there are no lines at the edges of your face--check your jawline especially for noticeable problems.There are many different types of foundation, so don't be afraid to try a few before finding your perfect match. Some common types are liquids, sticks, and powders. Use tools. Proper application can really make all of the difference when using foundation. Try using a make-up sponge or a cosmetics brush to blend.  The skin around your eyes can be one of the biggest trouble areas. Dark circles can tell the world that you are stressed, while puffiness can indicate that you didn't sleep well. Those are personal problems, and you don't need your skin to telegraph that information. That is why it is important to give your eyes plenty of attention when trying to make your skin look great in a flash.Try using a sheer concealer to cover dark circles. This goes on before your foundation, and is only used for spot treatments. To battle puffiness, try using an eye cream--many have immediate results!, You should get in the habit of following a nightly skin care routine. The 10 minutes you spend on your skin each evening can immediately help you achieve the gorgeous skin you want. Typically, your skin care routine will involve 5 steps: cleansing, toner, serum, repair cream, and moisturizer. Make sure that you use products that are right for your skin.If your skin is sensitive, meaning that you are prone to breakouts or redness, look for skin-care products that have the words "gentle" or "calming" in the name or product description. If you suffer from extreme dryness, try something with the words "extra" or "super" next to "moisturizing" or "hydrating". When searching for the skin-care regimen that is right for you, do your research. Don't be afraid to search out a consultant at one of the department store cosmetics counters. They will be be happy to explain products like toners and serums. Plus, they'll likely give you some free samples!  , Make sure that you know what goes into your skin care products and make-up. There are definitely some ingredients that you want to avoid, so be certain to read labels. Just like you would not knowingly eat something that could harm you, you also do not want to put something on your face that could have dangerous side effects.   Some ingredients to avoid are: BHA (can increase sensitivity to sun) and triclosan (which can affect hormone regulation). Consider finding products that tout natural ingredients., Your skin takes a beating every day. Moisturizing is the most important thing you can do to repair the damage caused by things such as weather and pollutants. If dry skin is your problem, you probably aren't moisturizing enough. Or you could be using the wrong product. Make sure to apply moisturizer in the morning and at night, and anytime you wash your face. Rub the cream into your skin, gently but firmly. Take care to use less pressure on the sensitive skin around your eyes.For extra hydration, try applying a special mask once a week. Hydrating masks come in many forms (think gels and creams) and are very effective. Try using a hydrating mask before a big night out. You'll definitely see fast results!	Use a primer. Apply foundation. Focus on the eyes. Get in a routine. Read the ingredients. Moisturize.
Having the information you need ready will save time over having to look for it when you need to consult it while reading archival documents or when asking questions.   One way to organize your documents is with a 3-ring binder that zips or snaps closed. You may want to use dividers or Trapper-style folders to subdivide your documents by the family members you're researching or by the research sites you plan to visit.  Looking like a researcher instead of a tourist and being focused will help you get both the co-operation and assistance of courthouse workers, librarians, and cemetery caretakers in finding the information you want.  Let the people who are assisting you with your research know as precisely as possible what you're looking for. Identify the ancestor by name, date, and place of birth, and mention what records you've already checked, then ask, "What other records do you have that can help me?"  , If you visit a cemetery during a funeral, while someone is purchasing a plot, or while maintenance work is being done, ask if there's a better time to return. Always thank the people who've assisted you, even if you don't find out any genealogical information.	Organize your documents prior to each day's research. Dress professionally. Ask specific questions. Be courteous.
Before you take your new dog across the street to meet your elderly neighbors, you should make sure your neighbors are interested in this interaction. While many people welcome interactions with dogs, not everyone is going to be excited about meeting the newest addition to your family. Before you show up on their doorstep with your dog, walk over and ask them if they’re interested in meeting your pooch.   Try saying, “Donald, our family just got a new dog. Would you like to meet him?”; , Since many dogs are territorial, it is important that the introduction does not happen in your dog’s territory. For example, you should not introduce your dog to your neighbor in your yard or house. Instead, choose to introduce them in your neighbor’s yard, or in a more neutral space, like the neighborhood park.  It is crucial that your dog understands basic commands like sit, stay, and down before you introduce them to your elderly neighbors. This will ensure that you remain in control of the interaction and that your dog will respond to you should something go awry. If you are having trouble teaching your dog basic commands, consider taking them to obedience school before you introduce them to your elderly neighbor.Dogs that are well-behaved at home may not respond to commands consistently in unfamiliar territory. You should practice with your dog in a park or other location outside of your home so that you can be confident they will respond to your commands when your neighbors are around.  Before you introduce your dog to anyone or any dog, you must make sure your dog is up to date on all of their vaccinations. Schedule a check-up with your veterinarian and go over your dog’s vaccination records. If your dog is due for new vaccinations or boosters, make sure these take place before introducing your dog to your elderly neighbors., Before your dog meets your elderly neighbors, it is important that you understand you are legally and morally responsible for your dog’s behavior. For example, if your dog bites or injures your elderly neighbors, you will likely be responsible for paying any costs associated with your neighbors’ injuries. Likewise, if your new dog destroys your neighbors’ property, chances are you will have to bear responsibility for your dog’s transgressions.	Talk to your neighbors first. Agree upon a space to meet. Make sure your dog understands basic commands. Vaccinate your new dog. Accept responsibility for your dog’s actions.
Find some photos of hair colors that you want to create with bleach and go online to look up what those colors are called and what products work best for creating them. Also consider what hair color you’re starting with.  Consider looking up something like: “What hair products work best for bleaching black hair?” or “How to bleach red hair platinum blonde.”; , To properly bleach your hair with professional supplies, you will need to buy a number of products. Each of these is important and will be crucial at different stages of the bleaching process. These products include:   Bleach powder: this comes in either packets or tubs. Crème developer: choose this product according to the color of your natural hair. If your hair is already blonde or light brown, use a 10 or 20 volume (10V or 20V) developer. If your hair is dark brown or black, you’ll need to use 20V developer and give it more time to process. Talk with a sales clerk to get their opinion on what you should purchase for your hair. Many professionals use 30V or 40V because it processes the bleach faster. Refrain from doing this alone at home because it can cause more damage than lower volumes. Toners even out the color of bleached hair and neutralize unwanted tones and brassiness. Buy this if you’re going for more of a platinum look. Some toners make hair white, and some give a silvery effect. Add red gold corrector to the bleach powder to increase its effectiveness so you don't have to bleach twice. You can use “purple shampoo” to remove brassiness and yellow tones. Don’t use it often or it may stain your hair purple. Buy a tint brush, a bowl, and plastic wrap. Buy an extra package of bleach and developer so you have extra in case you run out midstream. Some people’s hair will absorb the bleach mixture more quickly than others, and having extra bleach mixture on hand will save you the trouble of running out. You don’t want to be halfway through your hair and find you don’t have any more bleach mixture.  No matter what bleaching method you use, it’s going to cause your hair to become drier and more fragile than normal. Starting with healthy hair prevents excessive damage from the bleaching process. Don't dye or otherwise process your hair for about a month before you plan to bleach it. Use gentle products, like shampoo and conditioner made from all natural ingredients, to make sure your hair is as healthy as possible before bleaching.  Use a deep conditioner a day or two before bleaching your hair to help build up moisture in your hair. There are many types of deep conditioners, from less expensive ($5-$8) to more expensive ($30+) store-bought ones to more natural, DIY ones. There are recipes to make your own deep conditioner, which typically use foods as their base. Search online for “deep conditioner recipes” for suggestions using bananas, avocados, mayonnaise, yogurt, eggs, coconut oil, or other foods.This step will help minimize ending up with extremely dry and brittle hair after you bleach it by increasing your hair’s moisture and elasticity. , This step seems time-consuming, especially when you want to get started on bleaching your hair. But it is an important step that will save you a serious skin rash (or worse) if you happen to be allergic to the bleach or any of the other ingredients. To do a patch allergy test, apply a dab of bleach solution on a patch of skin behind your ear. Leave the bleach on for 24-48 hours and check for any allergic reaction, such as a rash, itching or burning on that spot. If you do have an allergic reaction, however mild, you should try a different method for bleaching your hair.  Read the instructions that came with the bleach powder to find out exactly how much to use. Usually, you mix one part bleach with two parts toner, but the instructions will give you precise measurements. Mix these in an old bowl with an old spoon or spatula that you will not be putting back into your kitchen. The mixture will be blue or bluish-white.Add the red gold color corrector if you’re going for a more platinum look. Pay close attention to the instructions on the label to ensure your measurements and proportions are exact.  Peroxide can stain clothing and can be irritating to skin, so take care to cover yourself properly. Wear gloves and cover your clothes with an old towel. Apply a small amount of petroleum jelly along your hairline and neckline to protect your skin.   Never apply bleach without gloves; the chemicals can burn your skin.  Gather up a small hunk of hair from the nape of your neck. Spray the peroxide onto this strand, starting at the roots and working it towards the ends. Leave it in for about 20-30 minutes. Rinse out the peroxide and check the color against a white towel. This will enable you to check if you like the color before dousing your entire head in peroxide. It will also help you gauge how much time to leave in the peroxide., Divide your hair into a few sections and twist the sections up. Clip these sections into easily removable hair clips; it’s best to use hair clips you can put in and take out with only one hand, especially after you start the bleaching process. Don’t clip the first section you plan to bleach.  Make sure your hair is completely dry before you begin. Use the tint brush to apply the bleach. Keep the hair that has not been bleached separate from the hair that has been bleached, so you can keep track of where you’re at. Use clips or squares of foil to separate sections of your hair.   Depending on the style you’re going for, you can use use the tint brush to apply the bleach in different ways, including: roots to tips, tips to roots, etc. Don't rub the bleach into your head, since the chemicals can burn your scalp. To get salon quality highlights, separate out small sections of your hair that are less than an inch wide. Place foil squares under these sections to protect the rest of your hair from receiving any of the peroxide spray. Spray these sections and wrap them in the foil sheets to keep them from touching the rest of your hair while you let the peroxide sit in your hair. Highlighting your hair is probably easiest to do with a friend helping you. It can be a good idea to just apply bleach to the front section of your hair, allow it to process, and rinse, before doing the back section. Putting the bleach mixture over your whole head takes time, and you may not have enough time to finish the back section before the front section needs to be rinsed out., Cover your hair with plastic wrap. Let the bleach start working on your hair. The longer you leave it in, the lighter your hair will be. Keep checking a strand of hair every 10 minutes until you're satisfied with the color of your hair. Don't leave the bleach in your hair for more than 45 minutes total.   Several factors, including the volume of your developer and the darkness of your hair, influence how long it will take for the bleach to lift your hair color to the lightness you desire.  Rinse out all of the bleach with cool water. Then use the special shampoo for bleached hair. Dry your hair and check out the color. If you like the color, you can stop there. Style your hair normally.   Be aware of the different hues that a bleach job will give you, depending on your hair color. Dark brown hair will lighten to chestnut brown, but too much peroxide may result in an orange-brown color. Medium brown will turn to light brown; light brown will turn dark blond; red hair will turn orange, and with enough bleaching, will become strawberry blond; dark blond will turn light blond., Some people will need to tone their hair to achieve a nice white blond color, or to even out some of the color imperfections that their hair has after bleaching. This may not work for everyone, however, and can result in white-gray hair that you may not like.The stage for adding toner comes in after you have fully bleached your hair and you will not be trying to bleach your hair further. You should have also already washed and dried your hair so that you can assess the color that your hair has become.  Use an old mixing bowl and old spatula and put in the correct parts toner, developer and red gold corrector. Be sure to check the instructions on the box to get the correct proportions and measurements.  Dry your hair at least a little bit with a towel. Use a clean tinting brush to apply toner to your hair in sections, using clips or pieces of tin foil to separate sections that have toner on them from those that still need an application. Applying the toner is not as time-sensitive as the bleach application stage, so you can take your time a little more now.  This varies depending on the product you are using, but 30 minutes is about the norm. Wait until the toner turns a dark purple in your hair. Check your hair after about 15 minutes to see how it looks by wiping off some of the purple toner. Keep checking every 10 minutes until you have reached the color you want.  Rinse your hair under cool water until all traces of the toner are gone. Cool water is better than warm water since it stops the developing process, which will stop the chemicals from removing more color from your hair.  Purple shampoo is a type of toning shampoo that is used to help distribute purple pigment to counteract brassy hues in your hair. By adding a little bit of purple pigment to your hair, you neutralize some of the reds and yellows in bleached hair, bringing out some blue hues and making your hair a slightly cooler color. Rinse your hair in hot water briefly so that the hair shafts open and are ready to absorb more of the purple hue. Apply shampoo liberally to your hair, let it sit for up to 5 minutes, and then rinse with cool water. The cool water will seal up the hair shafts and help retain the purple tones in your hair.Make sure you rinse it out completely, however, because it will stain towels and it can potentially leave your hair a lavender color if you have white blond hair.   There are several different brands and prices for these, from Clairol Professional Shimmer Lights Shampoo for about $10 per bottle to Unite Blonda Toning Shampoo for about $30. Your best bet is to purchase this type of shampoo at a beauty supplies store. Talk to a sales clerk for advice on the best shampoo for your hair.  Your hair will be brittle and dry after this treatment and will need deep conditioning to restore some moisture and elasticity. Use a deep conditioner (store-bought or natural) at least once a week, leaving it in your hair for 20-30 minutes and then rinsing it out. Results can be improved by heating up your hair with a hair dryer while the deep conditioner is in place. If you have made your own deep conditioner with food, check to make sure it hasn’t gone bad. If it’s been mixed up for longer than a few days (or a week if kept in the refrigerator), throw it away and mix up a new batch.	Do your research to find the best products for you. Buy bleaching supplies from a beauty supplies store. Start with unprocessed hair. Pre-condition your hair with a deep conditioner. Test for allergic reactions. Mix up the bleach. Cover your skin and clothing. Do a strand test. Use hair clips to section your hair. Apply the bleach to your hair. Check the color of your hair every several minutes. Rinse out the bleach and wash your hair. Decide if you need to use toner. Mix up the toner. Apply toner to your hair. Leave the toner in your hair for about 30 minutes. Rinse out the toner. Wash your hair with the purple shampoo. Take care of your hair.
If you don't have it, you can go to the General Store and pay 480 G for it.  You can get it by fishing at the following places during Summer and Autumn:  The beach, seawall, and lighthouse in Harmonica Town The southeast shore of Clarinet District The northeast and south shores of Toucan Island  , Ensure that your rucksack is not full, or else you cannot grill the fish., Use your matches on a wood stack. Press the "A" button., Press the "A" button again and "Start" to make the dish.	Acquire matches. Get a bonito. Have the bonito in your rucksack. Start a bonfire. Choose the bonito that you need for the recipe.
; ,, When you catch a Pokémon, "marry" it to a Pokémon of a different gender. If you have 1, 3, or 5 Pokémon in your party, and the Pokémon you encounter is the same gender as a Pokémon that needs a partner, it means you won't be able to use it.  If the Pokémon dies, you must use its partner Pokémon - no switching to another Pokémon allowed. You can switch Pokémon, but only to the partner of the Pokémon you're using.  Pokémon can only go to the PC through catching one when you have 6 Pokémon in your party. If you want to withdraw a Pokémon from your PC, you can only do it if one of your Pokémon dies and its partner Pokémon needs a new partner.  For example, only heal through items or through Pokémon Centers; put the "Battle Style" setting on "Set" so that the opposing trainer sends out their next Pokémon before you're able to switch your Pokémon; or use a level limit, where your Pokémon can't have a level higher than the next Gym Leader/Champion's highest level Pokémon.	Start a new file on the Pokémon game you want to play. Choose your starter Pokémon, and get your Pokédex and Poké Balls.  , Catch Pokémon, following the normal Nuzlocke rules of one Pokémon per area. When battling, the Pokémon you use can only battle alongside its partner Pokémon. Don't deposit Pokémon into a PC. Add optional rules to make the game harder, if you want.
The gallery ledge shelf is a small sill that you can attach to a wall and then present your pictures on. 1x4 boards form the base and back of this shelf, and a 1x2 board will create a lip to keep pictures from falling or slipping free. In all, you'll need:   2-inch screws (5 cm) 8-foot (2.44 m) long 1x2 board 8-foot (2.44 m) long 1x4 board (x2) Clamps (optional) Drill (and screw drill bit) Level Pencil (optional; recommended) Pocket hole jig (optional) Ruler/tape measure (optional) Saw (optional); , You'll need a flat, open work space to work efficiently. Your work bench/table should also be sturdy so it doesn't wobble during your shelf construction. Remove any obstacles or potential tripping hazards, like unused equipment and electrical cords.   If you plan on painting or staining your shelf, you should do so in a well ventilated area. Choosing a well ventilated place, like an open garage, for your work area will prevent you having to relocate later when painting or staining. As part of your preparation, you may want to cut your boards down to size. The width of your shelf is customizable to your needs, so long as all boards are cut to the same length., By using a drill bit slightly smaller than the width of your screws, you can drill "pilot holes" to guide your screws and prevent splitting in the wood. For an 8-foot shelf:   Measure and mark four holes at regular intervals along the face of both long, thin sides of a 1x4, with each hole a quarter inch (6.35 mm) from the bottom edge. Then, drill a shallow pilot hole at each mark. Position your undrilled 1x4 so it stands upright on its long, narrow edge. A quarter inch (6.35 mm) inward from the bottom of the long, narrow edge, measure, mark, and drill four more holes at the same increments as your first 1x4. Position your 1x2 so it stands upright on its long, narrow edge. A quarter inch (6.35 mm) inward from the bottom of the long, narrow edge, measure, mark, and drill four more holes at the same increments as your 1x4s., Pocket holes are drilled into a flat surface on an angle so the fastener, in this case a screw, passes through a board to emerge at a 90° angle (forming an L shape) with a flat face of the board. This kind of hole will be a less noticeable way of connecting the 1x4 back and the 1x2 lip of your shelf to the 1x4 base of the shelf. First:   Measure and mark four pocket holes at regular intervals along both long sides of a 1x4 so that each hole is ½" (1.27 cm) from the edge. Adjust your pocket hole jig so the hole you drill emerges at a 90° angle (forming an L shape) to the face of the long, narrow side, and is ¼" (.64 cm) from the bottom edge. Use a pocket hole jig to drill holes at the marks on your 1x4 so the screws emerge at a 90° angle (forming an L shape) to the face of the long, narrow sides of the 1x4. The 1x4 with holes in the long, narrow faces will form the base of your shelf. At the holes, your other 1x4 will attach to the back as a mount, and the 1x2 to the front as a lip., Lay flat the 1x4 with holes drilled along the middle of both faces of its long, narrow sides so that the holes of both sides are accessible, with a quarter inch (6.35 mm) of wood separating each hole from your work surface. Orient your second 1x4 so it stands on the long, narrow edge where you've drilled holes. Then:   Line up the 1x4s evenly so that an L shape is formed between the flat and upright boards. The pilot holes, having been drilled at the same increments, should also align. Take a screw and place it onto the screw bit of your drill. Push the screw lightly into the pilot hole, so the tip sinks into the wood and steadies the screw. With your free hand, realign the boards, if necessary, so that both are even, then hold the boards firmly to prevent them from slipping while screwing. Hold the drill at a 90° angle to the board so it forms an L shape, apply moderate pressure to the drill, and slowly press the drill's button until the screw is flat against the board and fastens both boards together. Repeat this for each of the four holes., Take your 1x2 and stand it on the long, narrow edge along which you drilled holes. Align it with your flat 1x4 so that the ends are even. The holes drilled in both the 1x2 and 1x4 should align, and the 1x2 and 1x4 should form an L shape. Then:   Place a screw onto your drill bit and push the tip of the screw lightly into a pilot hole on your 1x2. Make sure both boards are aligned with your free hand, then use that hand to hold the boards together firmly. Hold your drill at a 90° angle to the board so it forms an L shape, apply moderate pressure to the drill, and slowly press the button until the head of the screw is flat with the wood and fastens the two boards together. Repeat this for all four holes., Your shelf is all put together, but you may want to add some paint or staining to give your shelf a nice, finished look. One of the benefits of building your own shelf is that you can choose a color or stain that matches your home decor.   Even if you don't consider yourself much of an artist, you can make simple spray paint stencils and use these to create cool designs on your shelf., For the safest installation of your shelf, you should find stud(s) in the wall where you plan to hang your shelf. Studs will be more stable and prevent your shelf from pulling free of the wall. Then:   Measure and mark where on the wall's stud(s) you will attach the back of your shelf (the upright 1x4). For an 8-foot shelf, you should have two opposite side stud anchors (one on the right of the shelf, one on the left, for example). Each anchor should have two to four screws connecting the back of the shelf and wall. You should always check the levelness of your shelf with a carpenter's level before screwing in any screws. Hanging a shelf incorrectly can result in an unsightly slant. Having a second set of hands to help can prevent these kind of errors.	Gather your supplies. Get your work area ready. Drill pilot holes for easier fastening. Drill pocket holes for a more finished look. Align and fasten your 1x4 boards. Attach your 1x2 board. Add personal touches, if desired. Hang your shelf and display your pictures.
It’s the blue and white icon with an “S.” You’ll typically find it on your home screen or in the app drawer.   If prompted, enter your username and password to sign in.; ,, It’s the blue icon that looks like a telephone. This initiates a call with the selected Skype user.  It’s the first icon on the bottom row. A search window will appear.  As you type, a list of Skype users who match your search will appear. , It’s the blue circle with two white silhouettes and a plus (+) symbol.  It’s at the top-right corner of the screen. This adds the selected user to the current call.	Open Skype. Tap the name of the user you want to call.  , Tap the phone icon. Tap Add. Search for the user you want to add. Tap the user you want to add.  , Tap the add icon. Tap the check mark.
