Free Association Books  Free Association Books is an innovative project started in 1980s London. It arose as the brainchild of Bob Young and colleagues who disillusioned by the decline of the liberatory movement began a search using psychoanalysis to understand the problems of liberation. Other key figures involved in the movement were Michael Rustin Karl Figlio Barry Richards Andrew Samuels Bob Hinshelwood Andrew Cooper.	company
First Choice Haircutters  First Choice Haircutters is a hairdressing company. The company originated with a single salon in London Ontario in 1980 and began franchising about 2 years later. First Choice Haircutters was purchased by Regis Corporation in October 2000. Currently it has over 400 locations throughout Canada and the United States. It is a franchise company and experienced system-wide sales of nearly $3 billion in 2007.	company
Next Jump  Next Jump is an e-commerce company. The company handles loyalty programs for Dell AARP Intel and Hilton Hotel.Headquartered in New York City the company has over 28000 merchant partners both retailers and manufacturers. The firm has offices in New York City Boston San Francisco and London.	company
Aygaz  Aygaz is Turkey’s 7th largest industrial organization according to the listing by Istanbul Chamber of Commerce. It is owned by the Koç Group and partly floated on the Istanbul Stock Exchange.Aygaz brings together the energy firms of the Koç Group outside the oil and refinery sector. Its subsidiary portfolio ranges from LPG trade to electricity and natural gas.	company
Snowblind Studios  Snowblind Studios was a video game developer located in Kirkland Washington. They were founded in 1997 specializing in RPGs. In 2009 Snowblind Studios was acquired by Time Warner through its Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment division. In 2010 the studio (along with studio Surreal Software) was physically relocated to Monolith. After the release of The Lord of the Rings: War in the North the team was merged in with Monolith Productions.	company
Gécamines  La Générale des Carrières et des Mines (GCM) often called simply Gécamines is a Congolese metals and mineral trading company. A diversified mining organization based in Lubumbashi it is a state-controlled corporation existing under Congolese law. Founded in 1966 and a forerunner of the Union Minière du Haut Katanga Gecamines is engaged in the exploration research exploitation and production of mineral deposits including copper cobalt tin gold zinc among others.	company
Couchbase Inc.  Couchbase Inc.	company
Capco  The Capital Markets Company N.V. referred to as Capco an FIS company is a global business and technology consultancy based in Antwerp Belgium with offices in financial centers across North America Europe Asia and Africa. Capco works only in the financial services industry unlike the Big Four professional services firms.	company
White Lion Records  White Lion Records is a Reggaeton record label established by Elías de León with the release of El Abayarde on 2003.	company
Old Chang Kee  Old Chang Kee (Chinese: 老曾记; pinyin: Lǎocéngjì) is an established snack chain in Singapore specialising in curry puffs and other local snacks. Established in 1956 Old Chang Kee started off as a small stall outside Rex Cinema at McKenzie Road which still exists. Its current chairman Han Keen Juan bought over the establishment which was about to fold up in 1986 and revived the business. The preparation to go halal began in 2004.	company
Vienna Insurance Group  Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (VIG) with its registered office in Vienna Austria is one of the largest international insurance groups in Central and Eastern Europe with approximately 25000 employees and a premium volume of around EUR 8.6 billion.	company
Renault Argentina  Renault Argentina is the Argentinean subsidiary of Renault. It is one of the oldest Renault's operations in Latin America and is ranked consistently in the first places by sales between the local automakers. Renault Argentina was officially established in 1975 but the French company had a long presence in Argentina before that.	company
WEGA  WEGA /ˈveɪɡə/ was a pioneering German audio and video manufacturer manufacturing some of Germany's earliest radio sets.	company
GTA Motor  GTA Motor is an automobile designer and manufacturer based in Valencia Spain. It was founded by Domingo Ochoa who is also the current CEO of the company.They have designed developed and produced the GTA Spano in-house. The first production units will be delivered to the customers in 2013.	company
Free b  Free b (Welsh: Bws am ddim Free bus) was a zero-fare shuttle bus that operated in Cardiff city centre Wales. The route circled the edges of the city centre anti-clockwise. The service was operated by Cardiff Bus.	company
Henny Penny (manufacturer)  Henny Penny is an American manufacturer of commercial grade food equipment based in Eaton Ohio. The company was founded in 1957 and employs over 500 people. Notable clients include KFC Wendy's McDonalds and Chick-fil-A.	company
LakeView Technology Academy  LakeView Technology Academy is a specialty high school in the Kenosha Unified School District in Kenosha Wisconsin. It is an engineering and technology preparatory school. LakeView opened in the fall of 1997. LakeView students earn the equivalent of one year of technical college credits or one semester of college of engineering credits upon graduation. The school offers three fields of study: biomedical engineering engineering and design and information technology.	educationalinstitution
Napa High School  Napa High School established in 1897 is a four-year comprehensive high school located in Napa California. The high school is a comprehensive high school of 2500 students. It is one of three comprehensive high schools in the Napa Valley Unified School District. The other comprehensive high schools are Vintage High School and American Canyon High School.	educationalinstitution
Chung Shan Medical University  Chung Shan Medical University (CSMU; Chinese: 中山醫學大學; pinyin: Zhōngshān Yīxué Dàxué) is a medical university located in South District Taichung Taiwan.	educationalinstitution
Holmesdale Technology College  Holmesdale Technology College is a coeducational foundation high school located in Snodland in the English county of Kent.It is a foundation school administered by Kent County Council who coordinate admissions to the school. As a foundation school it is supported by The Malling Holmesdale Federation Trust which also includes The Malling School.	educationalinstitution
Holy Family Catholic School (Auburn WA)  Holy Family School is a Roman Catholic Pre K-8 school in Auburn Washington United States. Founded in 1964 Holy Family was and still is the only Catholic School in the Auburn area. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle.	educationalinstitution
Victoria College (Texas)  Victoria College is a community college serving Victoria Texas and the surrounding counties. The college first began classes in the Patti Welder High School on February 4 1925. After World War II because of the growth of the surrounding area and the college population from returning GIs the college built its own campus and changed its name from the Victoria Junior College to Victoria College.	educationalinstitution
Colegio San Conrado  Colegio San Conrado is a private Catholic school in Ponce Puerto Rico. It was founded in 1948 by the Capuchin Friars under the direction of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Brentwood New York.	educationalinstitution
Cardijn College  Cardijn College is a Catholic secondary co-educational school located in the Southern Vales area 25 kilometres south of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia. Established in 1984 it is a diocesan school with a student population (in 2012) of 880.	educationalinstitution
Manor High School Sale  Manor High School is a mixed day school for students with special needs located in Sale and serves the whole borough of Trafford.	educationalinstitution
Earl L. Vandermeulen High School  Earl L. Vandermeulen High School also commonly referred to as Port Jefferson High School in is the Port Jefferson School District located in Port Jefferson New York.	educationalinstitution
Warrington College of Business Administration  The Warrington College of Business Administration (WCBA) is the business school at the University of Florida. About 6300 students are enrolled in classes including undergraduates and graduate students including Master of Business Administration and Ph.D.-seeking students.Undergraduate programs include accounting computer science decision and information sciences economics finance management and marketing.	educationalinstitution
Cromwell High School  Cromwell High School is the town high school of Cromwell Connecticut.	educationalinstitution
Nouvel Catholic Central High School  Nouvel Catholic Central High School is a private Catholic high school located in Saginaw Charter Township Michigan and serving the Saginaw region. Nouvel is a high school that enrolls approximately 360 students.	educationalinstitution
Government College of Technology Faisalabad  Government College of Technology (or GCT) Faisalbad Punjab Pakistan was formerly known as Polytechnic Institute. The institute was established in 1966 and upgraded to Government College of Technology in 2000. The college is affiliated with the University of Engineering and Technology Lahore.	educationalinstitution
Sion Manning Roman Catholic Girls' School  Sion–Manning Roman Catholic Girls' School is a Roman Catholic school situated in Ladbroke Grove London. It is part of a cluster of Catholic institutions located at St Charles Square which includes St Charles Catholic Primary School St Charles Catholic Sixth Form College St Pius X Church various community centres and a Carmelite convent.The school educates girls aged between 11 - 16 and has no sixth form.	educationalinstitution
University of the Philippines Los Baños Limnological Research Station  The UPLB Limnological Research Station traces its root from the Department of Entomology of the then UP College of Agriculture. Since its conception the station contributed immensely to the understanding of the bounties of Laguna de Bay and helped establish the duck farming industry on Los Baňos foreshores and pioneered in aquarium fish production in the country.	educationalinstitution
Maria Belakhova  Maria Belakhova (Russian: Мария Андреевна Белахова 1903–1969) was a Russian writer and educator known for her work in children's literature and education in the Soviet Union mentorship of many of the country's prominent children's writers and her own works. She was editor of the Soviet magazine Children's Literature and the head of the national commission for children's literature.	artist
Domenico Manetti  Domenico Manetti (1609–1663) was at Italian painter.Manetti was born at Siena in 1609 and was probably a relation of Rutilio Manetti. He painted chiefly for the churches of Siena but also produced historical subjects of an easel size. Lanzi particularly mentions one in the Casa Magnoni representing the Baptism of Constantine. He died in 1663.	artist
Charles Almanzo Babcock  Charles Almanzo Babcock (born 1849 date of death unknown) was a late-nineteenth-century superintendent of schools in Oil City Pennsylvania. He is credited with launching Bird Day a day to celebrate birds in American schools on May 4. The first Bird Day was celebrated in Oil City schools in 1894 and by 1901 the practice was well established.	artist
Gregório de Matos  Gregório de Matos e Guerra (April 7 1636 — November 26 1696) was the most famous Colonial Brazilian Baroque poet. Although he wrote many lyrical and religious poems he was more well known by his satirical ones most of them frontally criticizing the Catholic Church rendering him the nickname Boca do Inferno (in English: Hell's Mouth).He is the patron of the 16th chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.	artist
Kim Thayil  Kim Thayil (born September 4 1960) is an American musician best known as the lead guitarist of the Seattle-based rock band Soundgarden which he cofounded with singer Chris Cornell and bassist Hiro Yamamoto in 1984. Thayil was named 100th greatest guitarist of all time by Rolling Stone Magazine.	artist
Kiyoko Arai  Kiyoko Haku (朴 清子 Haku Kiyoko born June 1 in Tokyo Japan) known by the pen name Kiyoko Arai (あらい きよこ Arai Kiyoko) is a Japanese manga artist. She made her manga debut in the January 1984 issue of Ciao with her story Chotto dake Biyaku. Since then Arai has contributed many stories to Ciao its sister magazine ChuChu and fellow Shogakukan shojo magazine Cheese!.	artist
Hormoz Farhat  Hormoz Farhat (Persian: هرمز فرهت) Born 1929 Tehran is a significant Iranian composer ethnomusicologist and University lecturer.	artist
William E. Wing  William E. Wing (4 July 1869 – 10 March 1947) was an American screenwriter of the silent era. He wrote for 94 films between 1912 and 1927.He was born in Maine and died in Los Angeles California.	artist
Sally Whitwell  Sally Whitwell (born 1974) is an Australian classical music pianist composer arranger conductor and teacher. She has released three solo albums Mad Rush: Piano Music of Philip Glass (3 June 2011) The Good the Bad and the Awkward (18 May 2012) and All Imperfect Things: The Piano Music of Michael Nyman (6 September 2013) all on the ABC Classics record label.	artist
Alexander Kanoldt  Alexander Kanoldt (29 September 1881 – 24 January 1939) was a German magic realist painter and one of the artists of the New Objectivity.Kanoldt was born in Karlsruhe. His father was the painter Edmond Kanoldt a late practitioner of the Nazarene style. After studies at the Academy of Fine Arts Karlsruhe in Karlsruhe he went to Munich in 1908 where he met a number of modernists such as Alexei Jawlensky Wassily Kandinsky and Gabriele Münter.	artist
Coffey Anderson  Coffey Anderson (born 1978) (sometimes using just his mononym Cofféy or Coffey) is an American singer-songwriter originally from Bangs Texas. His unique brand of country music blends in distinct influences from pop contemporary Christian gospel and soul that has attracted many. He came to fame through his YouTube videos and in 2008 took part in Nashville Star. He has released eight albums so far.	artist
Johann Heinrich Merck  Johann Heinrich Merck (April 11 1741 – June 27 1791) German author and critic was born at Darmstadt a few days after the death of his father a chemist.He studied law at Gießen and in 1767 was given an appointment in the paymaster's department at Darmstadt and a year later himself became paymaster.	artist
Lackluster  Lackluster is the main stage name of Esa Juhani Ruoho (born October 26 1978) who has also recorded as Esa Ruoho Can'o'Lard Kökö and the Köks and XLLV. Lackluster is formerly known as the chiptune musician Distance part of the demoscene groups Orange Monotonik Calodox The Digital Artists The Planet of Leather Moomins (TPOLM) FLO and Satori.	artist
Dirk van Hoogstraten  Dirk van Hoogstraten (1596–1640) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and father of Samuel Dirksz van Hoogstraten.	artist
Mr. Capone-E  Mr. Capone-E or Fahd Azam is a former gang member and Pakistani American. Mr. Capone-E was released from prison in 1998 and decided to become a rapper. Mr. Capone- E established his own record label Hi-Power Entertainment. and later signed to Thump Records where he released his later works including his 2003 album Dedicated 2 the Oldies in which he interpolated songs like Angel Baby by Rosie & the Originals. Mr.	artist
Qateel Shifai  Aurangzeb Khan or Qateel Shifai (24 December 1919 - 11 July 2001) (Urdu: قتیل شفا ئی ) was a Pakistani Urdu poet.	artist
Colin Roper  Colin Roper (born 25 July 1936) is a former English cricketer. Roper was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Litton Cheney Dorset.Roper made a single first-class appearance for Hampshire against Oxford University at the University Parks in 1957.	thlete
Barry Ditchburn  Barry Ditchburn was a British Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. His best year was in 1977 when he finished in 11th place in the 250cc world championship as a team-mate to Kork Ballington and Mick Grant on the Kawasaki factory racing team.	thlete
Zsolt Aubel  Zsolt Aubel (born 20 May 1972) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as striker.	thlete
Billy McGinley  William David Billy McGinley (born Dumfries 12 November 1954) is a former professional footballer who played for Leeds United Huddersfield Town Bradford City and Crewe Alexandra.	thlete
Charlie Taylor (footballer born 1993)  Charles James Charlie Taylor (born 18 September 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town as a defender on loan from Leeds United. He plays as a left back but can also play as a left winger. He is a former England under-19 international.	thlete
René Bittinger  René Bittinger (Villé 9 October 1954) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.	thlete
Gary Bennett (footballer born 1963)  Gary Bennett (born 20 September 1963 in Kirkby near Liverpool) was a professional footballer in the 1980s and 1990s. He played for six different clubs in the Football League with the majority of appearances being made for Chester City and Wrexham.	thlete
George Moore (jockey)  George Thomas Donald Moore OBE (5 July 1923 – 8 January 2008) was an Australian jockey and Thoroughbred horse trainer. He began his career in racing in 1939 in Brisbane where he quickly became one of the top apprentice jockeys and where in 1943 he won the Senior Jockeys' Premiership. He then relocated to Sydney and in 1949 went to work for trainer Tommy J. Smith (also known as T.J. Smith) with whom he would have considerable success.	thlete
Pungluang Sor Singyu  This is a Thai name. The family name is Sor Singyu not Singyu.Pungluang Sor Singyu is a Thai professional boxer in the bantamweight division and he is former World Boxing Organization Bantamweight World Champion. He won the title on October 20 2012 in Manila Philippines against AJ Banal but he failed to defend it against Namibia's Bantamweight Champion Paulus 'The Rock' Ambunda on the 2nd of March 2013 his first title defence.	thlete
Dario Bova  Dario Bova (born 31 March 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Lucchese.	thlete
Ronjay Buenafe  Ron Jayson Buenafe (born May 25 1983 in Quezon City) better known as Ronjay Buenafe is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Barako Bull Energy Cola in the Philippine Basketball Association.	thlete
Shannon Szabados  Shannon Szabados (born August 6 1986) is an ice hockey goaltender for the Canadian national hockey team and the SPHL's Columbus Cottonmouths. She had played for the MacEwan University Griffins and the NAIT Ooks men's hockey teams of the Alberta Colleges Athletics Conference from 2007 until 2013. Szabados has been the first female player at several different tournaments and in several leagues including minor junior and professional hockey.	thlete
Ken Magowan  Ken Magowan (born June 22 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the New Jersey Devils in the 7th round (198th overall) of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.He is currently playing for Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	thlete
Darren Hughes (Gaelic footballer)  Darren Hughes is a Gaelic football player from County Monaghan Ireland. He plays for the Monaghan senior inter county football team.In 2011 Hughes was part of the Ireland team that won the 2011 International Rules Series against Australia by 130 to 65.	thlete
Vaso Sepashvili  Vaso Sepashvili (Russian: Василий Емельянович Сепашвили; born 17 December 1969) is a retired Georgian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Aktyubinets Aktyubinsk.	thlete
Eric Mathoho  Eric Mathoho (born 1 May 1990 in Venda) is a South African football (soccer) central defender. He currently plays for Kaizer Chiefs and South Africa.	thlete
Anton Memminger  Anton Memminger (1846–1923) was a German author publisher and politician. In his Swiss periode he used the alias Oswald Stein.	officeholder
Henri Charles Bois  Henri-Charles Bois (February 8 1897 – July 18 1962) was an agronomist and Canadian Senator.He was born in St-Joseph de Lévis Quebec the son of Napoleon Bois and Lumina Belanger. He was a professor at the Institut Agricole d'Oka and founded the Corporation d'agronomie de Quebec.He was appointed to the Senate by Louis St. Laurent as a Liberal on January 3 1957 and represented the Senate division of Montarville Quebec until his death in 1962.	officeholder
William Barry (Australian politician)  William Peter Barry (30 June 1899 – 21 December 1972) was a Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Carlton from July 1932 until April 1955. Barry was a member of the Australian Labor Party until March 1955 when he was expelled from the party as part of the Australian Labor Party split of 1955.	officeholder
Thomas Nicholson Gibbs  Thomas Nicholson Gibbs PC (March 11 1821 – April 7 1883) was a Canadian parliamentarian.Born in Terrebonne Lower Canada (now Quebec) the eldest son of Thomas Gibbs and Caroline Tate his family moved to Oshawa Upper Canada (now Ontario) in 1832. He became one of the most successful business men in Canada.In 1867 he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Ontario South. A Liberal-Conservative he was re-elected in 1872.	officeholder
Donal Moynihan  Donal Moynihan (born 2 October 1941) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North–West constituency from 1982 to 1989 and from 1992 to 2007.Moynihan was born in Ballymakeera County Cork in 1941. He was educated at Ballyvourney Vocational School and worked as a farmer before entering politics on a full-time basis. He is married to Catherine Twomey with whom he has nine children.	officeholder
William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon  William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon OC PC (June 3 1877 – January 11 1969) was a Canadian politician and judge in the Province of Saskatchewan. He also served as a diplomat for the Government of Canada.	officeholder
Frederick H. Tarr  Frederick Hamilton Tarr (October 8 1868 – May 13 1944) was an American attorney and politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1904 to 1905 a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council from 1916 to 1918 and the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1926 to 1933.His son Frederick H. Tarr Jr. was a Massachusetts state representative.	officeholder
Alfred Paxton Backhouse  Alfred Paxton Backhouse (25 May 1851 – 1 August 1939) was an Australian judge of the District Court of New South Wales and occasional acting Supreme Court judge. He presided over the trials of the 1892 Broken Hill miners' strikers and was an active faculty member of the University of Sydney for over fifty years.	officeholder
Roscoe C. McCulloch  Roscoe Conkling McCulloch (November 27 1880 – March 17 1958) was a Republican politician from Ohio who served in the United States House of Representatives and U.S. Senate.Born in Millersburg Ohio McCulloch attended the University of Wooster Ohio State University and Case Western Reserve University School of Law. He commenced the practice of law in Canton Ohio in 1903. After serving as an assistant prosecutor in Stark County he ran for the House in 1912.	officeholder
Thomas E. Delahanty II  Thomas E. Delahanty II is the United States Attorney for the District of Maine.	officeholder
Achmad Asj'ari  K. Achmad Asj'ari is the Minister of Religion Indonesia in 1947 for 3 (three) months (July 3 1947 - October 9 1947). Due to family reasons can not leave Sumatra the post of Minister of Religious later replaced by H. Anwaruddin.	officeholder
Betty Brown  Betty Brown is a former state district representative for Texas House of Representatives District 4. She was first elected to the position in 1998.	officeholder
Rosa Emilia Rodríguez  Rosa Emilia Rodríguez-Vélez is the United States Attorney for the District of Puerto Rico. She is a career prosecutor first in the Puerto Rico Department of Justice and subsequently in the U.S. Attorney's office in San Juan.	officeholder
Dan Brady (Ohio politician)  Daniel R. Brady of Cleveland Ohio is an American politician of the Democratic party. Brady holds a bachelor of arts degree in history and political science from Ohio University. An early staff member of Ohio Citizen Action Brady was a member of the Cleveland city council from 1986 to 1996. Brady was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1996 and served one term. He was elected to the Ohio Senate in 1998. In 2001 he was elected Senate minority whip by the Democratic caucus.	officeholder
Timothy Derickson  Tim Derickson is the state representative for the 53rd District of the Ohio House of Representatives. Formerly he was a Hanover Township Trustee. He is the chairman of the House Finance Development and Agriculture Subcommittee.	officeholder
A. Canagaratnam  Arumugam Canagaratnam was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer and member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon.	officeholder
Isotta Fraschini D80  The Isotta Fraschini D80 (civilian version) is a large truck built in Italy from 1934 to 1955 the Isotta Fraschini D80 NM (military version) was built only in 1935.	meanoftransportation
Palestro-class torpedo boat  The Palestro-class torpedo boats were large torpedo boats of the Italian Regia Marina that saw service from the mid-1920s to World War II.The ships were designed in 1915 and based on the Audace-class destroyer. Eight ships were ordered but because of wartime shortages of materials only four were eventually completed. These four ships were laid down in 1917 at the Orlando shipyard in Livorno but were not finally completed until 1921-1923.	meanoftransportation
MV Shapinsay  MV Shapinsay is a Ro-Ro vehicle ferry operated by Orkney Ferries.	meanoftransportation
USS Ransom (AM-283)  USS Ransom (AM-283) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was awarded three battle stars for service in the Pacific during World War II. She was decommissioned in March 1947 and placed in reserve. Although she did not see service in the war zone Ransom was recommissioned in March 1951 during the Korean War and remained in commission until September 1953 when she was placed in reserve again.	meanoftransportation
Wuling Hong Guang  Wuling Hong Guang is a compact Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) produced since 2010 by SAIC-GM-Wuling the joint venture of Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation Liuzhou Wuling Motors Co and GM China.	meanoftransportation
Neoplan AN440  The Neoplan Transliner was a series of related mass transit bus models introduced by Neoplan USA in 1981.	meanoftransportation
D.R. Campbell  D.R. Campbell was a sternwheel steamboat built in Seattle in 1898 which ran on the Yukon and tributary rivers in Alaska.	meanoftransportation
HSV W427  The HSV W427 is the limited edition flagship of the initial E Series range by automobile manufacturer Holden Special Vehicles released in celebration of the company's 20th anniversary in 2008.The W427 is based on the Holden VE Commodore but powered by the 7.0L LS7 V8.	meanoftransportation
Beechcraft Model 16  The Beechcraft Model 16 was an experimental American all-metal low-wing training monoplane designed and built by Beechcraft. The prototype registered N9716Q first flew on 12 June 1970 and was the only one built.	meanoftransportation
USCGC Maple (WLB-207)  USCGC Maple (WLB-207) is a 225-foot United States Coast Guard seagoing buoy tender. Maple is the seventh of 16 in the Juniper class and took the place of the decommissioned USCGC Woodrush.Based in Sitka Alaska and moored in Sitka Channel the crew housing and port facilities of the Maple are located on Japonski Island.On its maiden voyage the Maple left a life ring from the Woodrush at the site of the sunken wreck of the SS Edmund Fitzgerald.	meanoftransportation
Grahame-White Type XV  The Grahame White Type XV was a military trainer biplane produced in the United Kingdom before and during World War I. It is often referred to as the Box-kite although this name more properly describes the Grahame-White Type XII an earlier aircraft made by the company from which the Type XV was derived.	meanoftransportation
HMS Danae (F47)  HMS Danae was a Leander-class frigate of the Royal Navy. She was like the rest of the class named after a figure of mythology. Danae was built by Devonport Dockyard. She was launched on 31 October 1965 and commissioned on 10 October 1967.	meanoftransportation
British R-class submarine  The R-class submarines were a class of 12 small British diesel-electric submarines built for the Royal Navy during World War I and were forerunners of the modern hunter-killer submarines in that they were designed specifically to attack and sink enemy submarines their battery capacity and hull shape being optimized for underwater performance.With a submerged speed of 14 kn (26 km/h; 16 mph) the class set an underwater speed record not broken until the experimental Japanese Submarine No.71 of 1938 which was capable of more than 21 kn (39 km/h; 24 mph) submerged.	meanoftransportation
USS Maryland (1799)  USS Maryland was a sloop in the United States Navy. She served during the Quasi-War with France.Maryland was built by public subscription in Baltimore under the Act of 30 June 1798; launched at Price Shipyard Baltimore 3 June 1799; and accepted by the Navy in August 1799 Capt. John Rodgers in command.Maryland departed Baltimore 13 September 1799 for the Surinam station.	meanoftransportation
Yamaha WR450F  The Yamaha WR450F is an off-road motorcycle made by Yamaha Motor Company. It currently has a 450 cc (27 cu in) liquid-cooled single-cylinder engine. First offered in 1998 at 400cc it shared many components and design concepts with the YZ400F motocross model. It is basically the YZ450F detuned slightly for more controllable power with a headlight and lighting coil softer suspension a kickstand lower noise specifications larger radiators and lower emissions.	meanoftransportation
White Lightning WLAC-1  The White Lightning WLAC-1 is an American four-seat single-engined monoplane designed for amateur construction by Howell Jones and sold as kits by the White Lighting Aircraft Corporation of South Carolina.In the 1990s the aircraft design was sold in kit form by Reflex Fiberglass Works of Walterboro South Carolina.	meanoftransportation
Caudan Waterfront  Le Caudan Waterfront is a commercial development in Mauritius. It includes shops banking facilities casinoscinemas restaurants a marina and a five star hotel (Le Labourdonnais).	building
Capt. John C. Ainsworth House  The John C. Ainsworth House is a historic building in Oregon City Oregon United States. It was built in 1851[citation needed] for John C. Ainsworth the main founder of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It is one of the oldest structures in the Portland Area and remains in good condition. It is also the only 2-story portico in Oregon.	building
Pico Canyon Oilfield  Well No. 4 Pico Canyon Oilfield located about seven miles (11 km) west of Newhall California in the Santa Susana Mountains was the first commercially successful oil well in the Western United States and is considered the birthplace of California's oil industry. Drilled in 1876 it turned nearby Newhall into a boomtown and also spawned a smaller boomtown called Mentryville adjacent to the drilling site. Well No. 4 continued in operation for 114 years until it was capped in 1990.	building
F.M. Walcott House  The F.M. Walcott House located at 431 N. Hall St. in Valentine Nebraska United States is a historic Classical Revival style house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register in 1982.	building
Cedar Crest Addition Historic District  The Cedar Crest Addition Historic District is a residential subdivision and historic district in Normal Illinois. The subdivision is bounded roughly by Division Street to the south Highland Avenue to the north Fell Avenue to the west and a local recreation trail the Constitution Trail to the east. Developed from 1914 to 1930 Cedar Crest Addition was the first large planned subdivision in Normal.	building
Brooklyn Children's Museum  The Brooklyn Children's Museum is a general purpose museum in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York City. Founded in 1899 it was the first museum in the United States and some believe the world to cater specifically to children and is unique in its location predominantly a residential area. Housed in a multi-level underground gallery the museum underwent an expansion and renovation to double its space reopened on September 20 2008 and became the first green museum in New York City.	building
St Eugene's Cathedral  St Eugene's Cathedral is the Roman Catholic cathedral located in Derry Northern Ireland. It is the Mother Church for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Derry as well as the parish Church of the parish of Templemore.	building
Robert M. Stark House  The Robert M. Stark House is a historic house at 176 Main Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story house was designed by local architect George Strout and built in 1890 for Robert Stark a lawyer and local politician. At the time the east side of Main Street had become a fashionable address for the upper middle class.	building
United States Post Office (Dobbs Ferry New York)  The United States Post Office in Dobbs Ferry New York serves the ZIP Code 10522 which covers the village of Dobbs Ferry. It is a brick Colonial Revival structure located at the corner of Main and Oak streets in the downtown section.It was built in 1936 as part of a massive postal construction effort. Its architecture features a high level of detail and ornament for the Colonial Revival style. Only two other post offices in New York in that style share the same level of detail.	building
Johnson County Museum of History  The Johnson County Museum of History is a local historical museum located in Franklin Indiana. The museum is run by the Johnson County Historical Society. The museum officially opened in 1931 under the name Johnson County Museum. It was organized by the local Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.Originally located in a small room at the county courthouse the museum has grown over the years making it necessary to relocate.	building
Emmanuel Episcopal Church (Eastsound Washington)  Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic church located on Main Street in Eastsound on Orcas Island Washington. On December 12 1994 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.	building
Stirling (Massaponax Virginia)  Stirling also known as Stirling Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Massaponax Spotsylvania County Virginia. It was built between 1858 and 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick Greek Revival and Federal dwelling. It measures 56 feet by 36 feet and has a hipped roof and four interior end chimneys. It sits on a raised basement and features entrance porches added about 1912.	building
Galleria Edina  The Galleria is an upscale shopping mall in Edina Minnesota anchored solely by Gabberts Furniture.	building
All Nations Christian College  All Nations Christian College is a missions college located in Hertfordshire and validated by the Open University.	building
Isham Day House  The Isham Day House is located in Mequon Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Currently the building serves as a museum.	building
Sedan Synagogue  Sedan Synagogue located on Avenue Philippoteaux Sedan Ardennes Northern France was built by the Jewish community in 1878. Although the Jews were deported during World War II the synagogue survived.	building
Preluca River  The Preluca River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.	naturalplace
Mocirlele River (Băiașu)  The Mocirlele River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania	naturalplace
Hesperus Mountain (Colorado)  Hesperus Mountain or Hesperus Peak elevation 13237 ft (4035 m) is the highest summit in the La Plata Mountains a small subrange of the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the San Juan National Forest northwest of Durango.	naturalplace
North Triangle Pond  North Triangle Pond is a 20-acre (81000 m2) shallow pond in the West Plymouth section of Plymouth Massachusetts east of the Route 80 terminus off Samoset Street (former U.S. Route 44). The average water depth of the pond is less than one meter. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and nuisance exotic species.	naturalplace
Monks Brook  Monks Brook is a river in the English county of Hampshire. It is a tributary of the River Itchen which it joins at a medieval salmon pool in Swaythling. The brook is formed from seven streams that rise in the chalky South Downs with the official source of Monks Brook being known as Bucket's Corner. Monks Brook drains a clay catchment of 49 square kilometres (19 sq mi).	naturalplace
Tame Valley Junction  Tame Valley Junction (grid reference SO976936) also known as Doe Bank Junction is a canal junction at the western limit of the Tame Valley Canal where it meets the Walsall Canal south of Walsall in the West Midlands England.	naturalplace
Zschopau (river)  The Zschopau (German pronunciation: [ˈtʃoːpaʊ]) is a river in Saxony Germany left tributary of the Freiberger Mulde. Its source is in the Erzgebirge on the slopes of the Fichtelberg near the border with the Czech Republic. It flows north through the towns Schlettau Wolkenstein Zschopau Flöha Frankenberg Mittweida and Waldheim. It joins the Freiberger Mulde in the village Schweta west of Döbeln.The Zschopau River flows northward for 130 km into the Freiberger Mulde.	naturalplace
Little Grand Lake  Little Grand Lake is a lake of Hants County Nova Scotia Canada.	naturalplace
Tarago Reservoir  Tarago Reservoir is a 37580-megalitre (1327×10^6 cu ft) water storage located on the Tarago River near Neerim South approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Melbourne Victoria Australia.The reservoir was built in 1969 to supply water to towns near Neerim South the Mornington Peninsula and Westernport regions. In 1994 Melbourne Water stopped using water from the reservoir as it had become unsuitable for drinking.	naturalplace
Kaso River (Garut)  Kaso River also Ci Kaso is a river in the Garut Regency of southwestern Java Indonesia. Coal-bearing sandstones clays and limestones are typical geological traits of the Bandung area of southern Java. It flows past Pameungpeuk before flowing into the sea.	naturalplace
Gladhouse Reservoir  Gladhouse Reservoir formerly Moorfoot Loch is a reservoir in Midlothian Scotland five miles (8 km) south of Penicuik. It is the largest area of freshwater in the Lothians.The 460-acre (1.9 km2) reservoir in the Moorfoot Hills is one of a group of reservoirs which supply Edinburgh with water. It is fed by the River South Esk.Gladhouse Reservoir is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest or SSSI and a Special Protection Area.	naturalplace
Mycale  Mycale also Mykale and Mycali (Ancient Greek: Μυκάλη) called Samsun Daği and Dilek Daği (Dilek Peninsula) in modern Turkey is a mountain on the west coast of central Anatolia in Turkey north of the mouth of the Maeander and divided from the Greek island of Samos by the 1300 metre wide Samos Strait. The mountain forms a ridge terminating in what was known anciently as the Trogilium promontory (Ancient Greek Τρωγίλιον or Τρωγύλιον).	naturalplace
Thunder Butte  Thunder Butte (Lakota: Wakíŋyaŋ Pahá) is a prominent butte landmark located in the northwest corner of Ziebach County South Dakota in the United States. Thunder Butte is a landform that can be seen for many miles in every direction and serves now (as it has in the past) as an important orientation point for area residents or a navigational aide for travelers crossing the surrounding plains.	naturalplace
Căboaia River  The Căboaia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.	naturalplace
Ciuacoatl Mons  Ciuacoatl Mons is a mountain on Venus. Its name is derived from the Aztec fertility goddess.sv:Ciuacoatl Mons	naturalplace
Tarryall Creek  Tarryall Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 68.5 miles (110.2 km) long in Park County in central Colorado in the United States. It drains a rural portion of north and central South Park an intermontane grassland in the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver. It rises in the high Rockies in several forks along the Continental Divide in the Pike National Forest southwest of Boreas Pass.	naturalplace
Amissano  Amissano is a village in the Mfantsiman Municipal district a district in the Central Region of Ghana. St. Augustine's College (Cape Coast) was founded in Amissano.	village
Fife Lake Michigan  Fife Lake is a village in Grand Traverse County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 443 at the 2010 census.The village is situated within Fife Lake Township near the junction of U.S. Route 131 and M-186 (which serves as an eastward extension of M-113).	village
Ameryka Lublin Voivodeship  Ameryka [amɛˈrɨka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.	village
Golice West Pomeranian Voivodeship  Golice [ɡɔˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Grüneberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Cedynia 46 km (29 mi) south of Gryfino and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.	village
Dobiesławice Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship  Dobiesławice [dɔbjɛswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rojewo 9 km (6 mi) north of Inowrocław 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Toruń and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.	village
Shahsavari Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad  Shahsavari (Persian: شهسواري‎ also Romanized as Shahsavārī) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 26 families.	village
Laghar  Laghar (Persian: لاغر‎ also Romanized as Lāghar) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 130 families.	village
Kajetanowo Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship  Kajetanowo [kajɛtaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koneck 12 km (7 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 31 km (19 mi) south of Toruń.	village
Koruzhadeh  Koruzhadeh (Persian: كروژده‎ also Romanized as Korūzhadeh) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 919 in 227 families.	village
Trnava (Preševo)  Trnava is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1160 people.	village
Chhinchu  Chhinchu is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6359 people living in 1436 individual households.	village
Orlje  Orlje is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 255 people.	village
Gavkosh Hormozgan  Gavkosh (Persian: گاوكش‎ also Romanized as Gāvkosh) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.	village
Stanisławów Radom County  Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wierzbica 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Radom and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.	village
Dehdaran-e Sofla  Dehdaran-e Sofla (Persian: دهداران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Dehdārān-e Soflá and Dehdaran Sofla; also known as Dehdārān and Dehdārān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1767 in 350 families.	village
Chyby Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship  Chyby [ˈxɨbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Mniów and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 145.	village
Lyclene areolifera  Lyclene areolifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of various lowland forest types including lower montane forests.The length of the forewings is 8-10 mm for males and 10 mm for females.	animal
Ussara polyastra  Ussara polyastra is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from South Africa.	animal
Coleophora guttella  Coleophora guttella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica and Artemisia fragrans. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.	animal
Ceretes  Ceretes is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Schaufuss in 1870.	animal
Linatella caudata  Linatella caudata common name : the girdled triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.	animal
Actias  Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths which contains the Asian-American Moon moths. The majority of this genus feed on the gum of the sweetgum pine or similar trees. As with all Saturniids adult Actias moths do not possess functional mouths so their lifespan after emergence from the cocoon only ranges from a few days to a week.	animal
Angolan epauletted fruit bat  The Angolan Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus angolensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola and Namibia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.	animal
Niphothixa  Niphothixa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.	animal
Tibetan Partridge  The Tibetan Partridge (Perdix hodgsoniae) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes. They are found widely across the Tibetan Plateau and have some variations in plumage across populations. They forage on the ground in the sparsely vegetated high altitude regions moving in pairs during the summer and in larger groups during the non-breeding season. Neither males nor females have spurs on their legs.	animal
Stachyris  Stachyris is a genus of bird in the Timaliidae family. It has been found to be polyphyletic and is in the process of being dismantled.	animal
Styotrichia  Styotrichia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.	animal
Gryllotalpa  Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the family Gryllotalpidae. It contains the following species: Gryllotalpa africana (Africa and Asia) Gryllotalpa brachyptera (Australia) Gryllotalpa cultriger (Mexico) Gryllotalpa formosana Shiraki (Taiwan) Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa (Europe) Gryllotalpa major (USA) Gryllotalpa monanka (USA Australia) Gryllotalpa orientalis (Asia) Gryllotalpa vinae world's loudest insect ↑	animal
Pollex mindai  Pollex mindai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Samar in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is narrow and greyish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.	animal
Lophophora (moth)  Lophophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	animal
Janua pagenstecheri  Janua pagenstecheri is a species of marine polychaete. It is widely distributed around the British Isles and across north-western Europe and has been described as probably the commonest spirorbid in the world.Janua pagenstecheri lives attached to substrates such as seaweeds including Corallina officinalis rocks stones shells and the carapaces of crabs. J. pagenstecheri inhabits a shell made of calcium carbonate in the form of a dextral spiral with the tube up to 2 mm in diameter.	animal
Atimiini  Atimiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Spondylidinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Atimia Atimia confusa (Say 1826) Atimia gannoni Hovore & Giesbert 1974 Atimia helenae Linsley 1934 Atimia hoppingi Linsley 1939 Atimia huachucae Champlain & Knull 1922 Atimia mexicana Linsley 1934 Atimia vandykei Linsley 1939 Genus Paratimia Paratimia conicola Fisher 1915↑	animal
Cucumis  Cucumis is a genus of twining tendril-bearing plants in the Cucurbitaceae family which includes the cucumber (Cucumis sativus) true melons the horned melon (Cucumis metuliferus) and the West Indian gherkin (Cucumis anguria). 30 species occur in Africa and 25 occur in India Southeast Asia and Australia.	plant
Myristica crassa  Myristica crassa is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.	plant
Tillandsia seideliana  Tillandsia seideliana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Brazil.	plant
Banksia leptophylla var. melletica  Banksia leptophylla var. melletica is a variety of Banksia leptophylla. It is native to the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia.	plant
Gentlea molinae  Gentlea molinae is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Honduras.	plant
Bonnetia  Bonnetia is a genus of flowering plant in the Bonnetiaceae family. It was previously placed in the Clusiaceae family.Species include: Bonnetia bolivarensis Bonnetia celiae Bonnetia chimantensis Bonnetia cordifolia Bonnetia fasciculata Bonnetia holostyla Bonnetia jauensis Bonnetia kathleenae Bonnetia lanceifolia Bonnetia maguireorum Bonnetia multinervia Bonnetia ptariensis Bonnetia rubicunda	plant
Lupinus bingenensis  Lupinus bingenensis common name bingen lupine or Suksdorf's lupine is a plant species native to the US States of Washington Idaho Montana and Oregon as well as from British Columbia. It grows on slopes in the mountains. The name honors the City of Bingen in Klickitat County Washington.Lupinus bingenensis is a perennial herb up to 100 cm (40 inches)tall most of the shoots covered with silky hairs.	plant
Corallorhiza mertensiana  Corallorhiza mertensiana or Pacific coralroot is a coralroot orchid flower native to the shady conifer forests of northwestern North America and northern California.	plant
Chuquiraga jussieui  Flower of the Andes (Chuquiraga jussieui) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It is a low shrub reaching a height of about 75 cm. Flowers are pale yellow or orange. It is endemic to Ecuador and Peru. The hummingbirds Oreotrochilus chimborazo feed on the nectar.	plant
Acaena echinata  Acaena echinata commonly known as Sheep’s Burr is a species of perennial herb native to Australia. It grows to a height of 25–40 cm and has shiny green fern-like leaves 60–150 mm long which are hairy on the underside. Its tiny pale green flowers form a spike and have purple stamens. The burrs it produces are sharply barbed.	plant
Eugenia gatopensis  Eugenia gatopensis is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.	plant
Phlox  Phlox (/ˈflɒks/; Greek φλόξ flame; plural phlox or phloxes Greek φλόγες phlóges) is a genus of 67 species of perennial and annual plants in the family Polemoniaceae. They are found mostly in North America (one in Siberia) in diverse habitats from alpine tundra to open woodland and prairie. Some flower in spring others in summer and fall. Flowers may be pale blue violet pink bright red or white. Many are fragrant.Fertilized flowers typically produce one relatively large seed.	plant
Nepenthes eustachya  Nepenthes eustachya /nɨˈpɛnθiːz juːstˈækiːə/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra where it grows from sea level to an elevation of 1600 m. The specific epithet eustachya formed from the Greek words eu (true) and stachys (spike) refers to the racemose structure of the inflorescence.	plant
Piri piri  Piri piri (/ˌpiːriˈpiːri/ PEE-ree-PEE-ree also spelled peri peri pili pili) also called African bird's eye chili is a cultivar of Capsicum frutescens one of the sources of chili pepper that grows both wild and domesticated.It is a small member of the Capsicum genus. It grows in Malawi South Africa Ghana Nigeria Zambia Zimbabwe Mozambique and the tropical forests of South Sudan & the southern half of Ethiopia. It was brought to Goa by the Portuguese.	plant
Pittosporum revolutum  Pittosporum revolutum (Rough-fruited Pittosporum Yellow Pittosporum Brisbane Laurel or Wild Yellow Jasmine) is a shrub that is endemic to Australia.The species grows up to 3 metres in height and has leaves that are 5 to 15 cm long and 1.5 to 6 cm wide.The fragrant yellow flowers appear in terminal clusters in spring. It occurs in habitats ranging from rainforest to dry sclerophyll forests in Queensland New South Wales and Victoria.	plant
Erymophyllum  Erymophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae endemic to Australia. Species include:Erymophyllum glossanthus Paul G.WilsonErymophyllum hemisphaericum Paul G.WilsonErymophyllum ramosum (A.Gray) Paul G.WilsonErymophyllum tenellum (Turcz.) Paul G.Wilson↑	plant
Just Listen (EP)  Just Listen is the second overall mini album by South Korean singer Younha.	album
Gathering of Freaks  Gathering of Freaks is the second album from the Heavy Metal band Freak of Nature fronted by former White Lion lead singer Mike Tramp. The album was released in 1994 and spent one week at #66 on the UK Albums Chart in October 1994. It was the band's only UK chart presence. The album was recorded in Canoga Park California and North Hollywood California.	album
Idol Tryouts  Idol Tryouts is the second various artists compilation album released by Michigan-based label Ghostly International. Unlike the label's previous sampler Disco Nouveau Idol Tryouts contains music solely from artists signed to Ghostly International. Musical genres represented here span techno electro electroclash and tech house.	album
Sundown (Richard Marx album)  Sundown is the ninth studio album by Richard Marx that was released digitally on October 31 2008. Sundown was released along with Emotional Remains.	album
Ecology of Souls  Ecology of Souls is the debut album of Kenneth Newby released in 1993 through Songlines Recordings.	album
Kwyet Kinks  Kwyet Kinks is the third EP by The Kinks released in September 1965. Unlike most of their other EPs it contained all exclusive tracks and all were original compositions.The EP represented a significant departure as hinted at by the play on words title as all four tracks are 'quieter' than the typical early Kinks rock sound particularly lead track Wait Till The Summer Comes Along sung by Dave Davies with prominent acoustic guitar and a clear country or folk influence.	album
Volcano (Jimmy Buffett album)  Volcano is the ninth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett and is his 11th overall. It was released in May 1979 as MCA 5102 and was his first release on that label after its absorption of ABC Dunhill.The album and its title song are named for the then dormant Soufrière Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat in the British West Indies where Buffett recorded the album in May 1979 at AIR Studios.	album
Jealous Lover  Jealous Lover is a four track 12 EP released by the British hard rock band Rainbow in the USA in 1981. The EP reached No. 147 on Billboard Magazine's Top 200 albums chart. Tracks include two songs previously unavailable in the US and two songs from their full length album Difficult to Cure of the same year. The cover art featured the same Hipgnosis photography used for the album with a different background.	album
Live at Freakscene  Live at Freakscene is the second live album by English alternative rock band Hundred Reasons released on September 26 2005 on Secret Records. The album was recorded at The Lemon Grove at Exeter University. An accompanying live DVD of this performance was also issued.The track No Pretending would later feature on the band's subsequent studio album Kill Your Own (2006).	album
Spirits Having Flown  Spirits Having Flown is the fifteenth album released by the Bee Gees. It was the group's first album after their collaboration on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack. The album's first three tracks were released as singles which all went to #1 in the US giving them an unbroken run of six US chart-toppers tying with The Beatles.	album
One Sock Missing  One Sock Missing is the second album from the Grifters released in 1993 on Shangri-La Records. Certainly the most low-key (if not lo-fi) of the Grifters' early records 1993's One Sock Missing is less noisy and aggressive than its immediate predecessor So Happy Together [1] One Sock Missing signals the direction and sound the band would work on throughout their career [2].	album
Zion (Hillsong United album)  Zion is the third studio album by Australian contemporary Christian and alternative rock band Hillsong United. Production for the album began in March 2011 in Sydney Australia. The album was released on 22 February 2013 for Australia and 26 February Internationally. The album is available in standard and Deluxe Edition (CD + DVD) plus digital.	album
College (album)  College is the third album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon. This album was his most successful album and the song Kali Kite Mil and College.This album is still selling in the market.This album was his best super-hit album ever released and made him widely popular.	album
Live in Hollywood (RBD album)  Live In Hollywood is the second live album by Mexican pop band RBD released on April 4 in the U.S. and Mexico. Live in Hollywood was recorded on RBD's first Los Angeles concert on January 21 2006 in Los Angeles's Pantages Theatre. The first single of this album was No pares sung by Dulce Maria; the song is already a success in Mexican radio stations.	album
Unboxed (Sammy Hagar album)  Unboxed is a compilation album of Sammy Hagar's recording career at Geffen Records. It features two previously unreleased songs High Hopes and Buying My Way Into Heaven. It was released on March 15 1994.	album
Narada Film and Television Music Sampler  Narada Films and Television Music Sampler is a 1998 U.S. EMI Film & TV Music publishing 2CD sampler that represents an overview of the Narada catalog demonstrating the breadth and diversity of the Narada roster.	album
Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups  Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups is a 2012 Disney direct-to-DVD family film directed by Robert Vince and produced by Anna McRoberts. It is the sequel to The Search for Santa Paws. The Santa Pups save Christmas around the world. The movie was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on DVD Blu-ray and as a movie download on November 20 2012.	film
The Edge (2010 film)  The Edge (Russian: Край translit. Kray) is a 2010 Russian drama film directed by Alexei Uchitel. The film was nominated for the 2010 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film and was also selected as the Russian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.Samuel Goldwyn Films has acquired all U.S. rights to The Edge which was negotiated with Sergei Bespalov president of Sunrise Films.	film
Assassination (1987 film)  Assassination is a 1987 action-thriller film about a bodyguard who is assigned to protect the First Lady of the United States against an assassination plot. The film was directed by Peter R. Hunt and stars Charles Bronson Jill Ireland and Stephen Elliott. Actor Chris Alcaide came out of retirement to play the Chief Justice.	film
Tim's Vermeer  Tim's Vermeer is a documentary film directed by the performer Teller produced by his stage partner Penn Jillette and Farley Ziegler about inventor Tim Jenison's efforts to duplicate the painting techniques of Johannes Vermeer.The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in limited theatrical release in the United States by Sony Pictures Classics on January 31 2014.	film
Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic  Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic is a direct to DVD animated film released on February 9 2010. The film is a spin-off from Electronic Arts' Dante's Inferno video game.	film
La comunidad (film)  La comunidad (UK title: Common Wealth) is a 2000 Spanish black comedy film directed by Álex de la Iglesia.	film
The Last Polka  The Last Polka is a 1985 comedy television film and one of the first mockumentaries. It was written by and starred John Candy and Eugene Levy and directed by John Blanchard.The Last Polka follows the life careers and the final concert of Yosh (Candy) and Stan (Levy) Shmenge two brothers from the fictional country of Leutonia who become the biggest polka duo the world has ever seen.	film
1732 Høtten  1732 Høtten (international title: Bloody Angels) is a 1998 Norwegian thriller film directed by Karin Julsrud starring Reidar Sørensen Stig Henrik Hoff and Lailia Goody. In the small village of Høtten six months after the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl one of the suspects is found dead. Nicholas Ramm (Reidar Sørensen) has to investigate the crime. The film was Julsrud's directorial début.	film
Arriba el Telón o el Patio de la Morocha  Arriba el telón o el patio de la morocha (English language:Roughly Up the curtain of the Morocha Patio) is a 1951 Argentine musical drama film directed by Manuel Romero and written by Catulo Castillo and Mariano Mores.The film premiered in early 1951 in Buenos Aires. The film starred Virginia Luque.The film is a tango-based film which is an integral part of Argentine culture.	film
Rambling 'Round Radio Row  Rambling 'Round Radio Row (1932 - 1934) is a series of short subjects produced by Jerry Wald and released by the Vitaphone division of Warner Brothers. The final film in the series released 1934 was #3 of the second season and starred Morton Downey Baby Rose Marie The Harmoniacs and Harriet Lee.	film
Exit Marrakech  Exit Marrakech is an 2013 German drama film written and directed by Caroline Link. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.	film
Steel (1933 film)  Steel (Italian:Acciaio) is a 1933 Italian drama film directed by Walter Ruttmann and starring Piero Pastore Isa Pola and Vittorio Bellaccini. The film was shot on location at the steel mills in Terni in Umbria. It was based on the novel Giuoca Pietro! by Luigi Pirandello. With its semi-documentary style it was one of a number of films made in the Fascist era that serve as a precursor to Italian neorealism which emerged in the mid-1940s.	film
The Fly Cop  The Fly Cop is a 1917 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	film
Sheepmates  Sheepmates was a proposed Australian film from director F.W. Thring based on a 1931 novel by William Hatfield.	film
Pas de deux (film)  Pas de deux is a 1968 short dance film by Norman McLaren produced by the National Film Board of Canada.The film was photographed on High Contrast stock with optical step-and-repeat printing for a sensuous and almost stroboscopic appearance. It shows a ballerina (Margaret Mercier) dancing by herself (or rather with images of herself) before being joined by a male dancer (Vincent Warren) to perform the pas de deux of the title.The film is choreographed to Romanian pan pipe music.	film
Look Who's Talking  Look Who's Talking is a 1989 romantic comedy film written and directed by Amy Heckerling and starring Kirstie Alley and John Travolta. Bruce Willis plays the voice of Mollie's son Mikey. The film features George Segal as Albert the illegitimate father of Mikey.	film
Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School  Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School (召喚教師リアルバウトハイスクール Shoukan Kyoushi Riaru Bauto Hai Sukūru) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Saiga and illustrated by Sora Inoue. It was serialized in Dragon Magazine from 1997 to 2010. A manga adaptation by the same authors was serialized in Monthly Comic Dragon from 1998 to 2001. A 13-episode anime television series was produced by Gonzo in 2001.	writtenwork
Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned  Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned (ジャイアント・ロボ - 地球の燃え尽きる日 Jaianto Robo - Chikyū no Moetsukiru Hi) is a manga scripted by Yasuhiro Imagawa (Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Stood Still Mobile Fighter G Gundam) and illustrated by Yasunari Toda.	writtenwork
Ends  Ends is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1988 and as a companion volume to Dickson's Beginnings. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Astounding If Galaxy Science Fiction Destinies Science Fiction Stories and Amazing Stories The poems first appeared in The Final Encyclopedia.	writtenwork
Brihat Jataka  Brihat Jataka or Brihat Jatakam or Brihajjatakam (Sanskrit: बृहज्जातकम) is one of the five principal texts written by Varahamihira the other four being Panchasiddhantika Brihat Samhita Laghu Jataka and Yogayatra. It is also one of the five major treatises on Hindu Predictive Astrology the other four being Saravali of Kalyanverma Sarvartha Chintamani of Venkatesh Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha and Phaladeepika of Mantreswara.	writtenwork
Aspen Seasons  Aspen Seasons is a special anthology published semi-annually by Aspen Comics. The series features special short stories focussing on specific Aspen characters. While these stories are not usually vital to their regular titles they do add more depth to the context of the comic in question. The anthology has also been a useful outlet for introducing new Aspen artists such as Micah Gunnell and Marcus To.	writtenwork
Molecular Neurobiology  Molecular Neurobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of molecular neuroscience. It was established in 1987 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Nicolas G. Bazan (LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans).	writtenwork
Stolen (Armstrong novel)  Stolen a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong is the second book in the Women of the Otherworld series.	writtenwork
Things Fall Apart  Things Fall Apart is an English-language novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe published in 1958 by William Heinemann Ltd in the UK; in 1962 it was also the first work published in Heinemann's African Writers Series. Things Fall Apart is seen as the archetypal modern African novel in English one of the first to receive global critical acclaim. It is a staple book in schools throughout Africa and is widely read and studied in English-speaking countries around the world.	writtenwork
Nana (manga)  Nana (ナナ) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa serialized in Cookie published by Shueisha. The manga derives its title from the name of the two main characters both of whom are called Nana. Nana Komatsu is a small town girl who goes to Tokyo to follow her boyfriend and college friends with the hope of having her dream life. Nana Osaki was in a popular punk band in her home town. She goes to Tokyo with the goal of making it big as a singer.	writtenwork
The Louisville Times  The Louisville Times was a newspaper that was published in Louisville Kentucky. It was founded in 1884 as the afternoon counterpart to The Courier-Journal the dominant morning newspaper in Louisville and the commonwealth of Kentucky for many years. The two newspapers published a combined edition (as the Courier-Journal & Times) on Sundays.	writtenwork
Bert och badbrudarna  Bert och badbrudarna (Swedish: Bert and the bath chicks) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1993 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 5 June to 23 August during the calendar year he turns 15 during the summer break between the 8th and 9th grade at school in Sweden. The book uses the 1992 almanac following the Gregorian calendar but no specific year is mentioned.Just like Berts bekännelser the book uses chapter names as well as dates.	writtenwork
Belle Terre (Star Trek)  Belle Terre is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Diane Carey.	writtenwork
Of Time and Space and Other Things  Of Time and Space and Other Things is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the fourth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1965.	writtenwork
Uncut (magazine)  Uncut magazine trademarked as UNCUT is a monthly publication based in London. It is available across the English-speaking world and focuses on music but also includes film and books sections. A DVD magazine under the Uncut brand was published quarterly from 2005 to 2006.	writtenwork
The New Believers  The New Believers: A Survey of Sects 'Cults' and Alternative Religions is a book by David V.	writtenwork
Earth Surface Processes and Landforms  Earth Surface Processes and Landforms is the journal of the British Society for Geomorphology (BSG) formerly the British Geomorphological Research Group (BGRG) and is an international journal of geomorphology publishing on all aspects of Earth Surface Science. The journal was founded in 1976 as Earth Surface Processes and obtained its present name in 1981.	writtenwork
