Butterfly Charm It is quite pretty, but the stones come out in short order with normal use. I bought this and the starter bracelet together. Once I figured out how to put it on there, which takes some figuring, it looked cute enough. Unfortunately, not as big as it looks either. I wouldn't buy it again	middle
fun in the bigging but............. this game was so much fun in the bigging but got so annoying later cuz it keeps repeating the same things over and over. i wish i could give this a 5 but it is true.	middle
Outstanding photography Excellent photography on the back cover makes this book as relevant for boys as well as girls. Addresses a dominant issue in our society today. (In case you haven't guessed, I am the photographer).	middle
its okay!! you get what you want!!! or what you dont want!!! I'm not a big fan of wrist watch nor use them regularly, but recently i was looking for something which looks stylish yet not so typical of watch- more like a wristband,so i saw this @ amazon & got it after comparing with similar models-I would say,if this watch would've a good contrast and backlight,i'll surely give it 5 star,it need light in order to display time,i wonder if it's a real LCD display, as its very dim, if you are looking for a fancy watch (and dont care about its sole purpose) then it's not a bad choice otherwise, think twice before you spend 75$i thought of returning it, but then heck!! its better than nothing on your wrist	middle
A women's battle with society in the 1800's. To a woman in the nineties the actions of Mrs. Pontellier would not seem abnormal. But to the Creole society they were extremely unorthodox. We thought that this was a slow moving story with no excitment. In order to enjoy this book you would have to put yourself back into the mindset of a women in the 1800's.	middle
Good time pass movie Some really funny parts. Some moderately funny and then some are just absurd. Koppikar and Kapoor are hilarious at times. Deshmukh is tolerable. As always with movies like these. Turn your brain on hibernate mode and enjoy.	middle
Rotatrim RC RCM18 18" cut Rotatrim Professional This Rotatrim support up to 3mm tickness and it works great when I use one sheet of photo paper. But when I use less than 3mm thick multiple papers with regular copy paper, the brade won't cut and it slide up to on the board and stuck. I couldn't move down to original position easily. I think this is good for cut piece by piece, not for cut multiful papers. I've return this Rotatrim and got full refund money without my shipping cost.	middle
Pretty Fun But quite confusing I got this game for my little sister for her 13th B-Day. We are both big HP fans. But I found the game to be quite dissapointing. The different spells and jinxes make for a very confuing game. I do think that this game is pretty fun, but it is not a game to be played for relaxation, the constant reference to the instructions prevents that. I think that this game is a good investment for any HP fan, but do not recommand it to the younger group.	middle
Device and Vista 64 bit. This device will not work with 64 bit Vista out of the box. You need to download a the WIDCOMM Blue tooth software from Broadcom corporation.The driver is a free software download. After installation it works as described. Would be nice if it was noted someplace that it doesn't work with 64 bit Vista.	middle
18 dB works I bought this at Walmark which is a 18dB model which works wonders for my Comcast cable which were very fuzzy on channel 2 and 4 and a few other channels. It cost $24. Make sure you buy the 18 dB model, I think the lower dB rated here is not as good.	middle
Please.................. Another live CD! Come on folks! Lets get something betterthan Vapor Trails! I bought this CD, in such great excitment,even though I knew it was a live CD! I was just about to throw itout my house windows. We have the MOST TALANTED rock band,andfirst the recording is terrible! I can barely hear Geddy and his amazing bass lines. I can sure hear the audience,they WEREpumped! But come on with this live stuff,gee it has been a long time since a live cd! Very disappointing,good line for songs.I have heard like Bruce Hornsby's"Lets make some noise"CDthat must have a 10 piece,its live and clear as a bell. So ifyou are looking for clarity and separation of things,bass,vocals etc.... this is CRAP! and a pure waste of money!Think twice about getting it or listen to it from your friends!MY GOD!! Lets go guys with some talented stuff!! PLEASE!!!	middle
Ok Not bad book, but read more like thsese that I liked much better . But it's worth reading.just not top list.	middle
NOT FULL SIZE BINDER THIS IS VERY SMALL AND THE PRINT ALSO. Lots of same ol' same ole' and not very much on new. I myself was going to use it to put in pages but turns out not to be the normal size paper (8x11) but is about 4x6. I did not find any new recipes and they only use there (sirra) recipes.	middle
Nerdy overreach Three strands of plot across time and space progress in parallel - I presume they meet up somewhere down the road. Don't know since I gave it up at around page 200.Too bad, seems like there is a good story in there, but couldn't wade through all the nerdiness - the stylized narrative, the tech/math trivia, verbose descriptives.The book was published in '99, and perhaps it's a reflection of the time - the crest of dot com excess on the eve of bust. It feels adolescent and overambitious.Still, you may enjoy the book if you are into the genre and have the requisite patience.	middle
Rap???? WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????????? Ok First thing I love the band Korn and they rock but........ why did they let the stupid idiot Fred "dumass" Durst do one of their songs with them? Jeez Korn you guys really need to stop the crappy rap stuff and do what you truely want to do....... unless you want to do rap.... then you guys suck! All of the songs were great except for the ones with rap!	middle
I enjoy John Malkovich. I have seen many, many, movies in my lifetime.I think this is very good story for believability and was funny. Not hilarious, but it is funny and entertaining.John Malkovich is a talented & entertaining man. Don't look for an abundance of action or sex with this picture.This is not typical Hollywood "bilge"and it not "artsy fartsy" either. It is worth seeing,just don't expect too much and you will enjoy.	middle
Great item at a great price! I've been looking for this size spiked cup for quite some time. None of the Home Depot's, Lowe's or other local hardware stores carried it nor were able to order it. In fact, none of these local stores carried the round version anymore whatsoever, and now only stock the large square version. In order to conserve space in my home I use several adjustable wire racks to each of store my clothes, as an entertainment center, and as bookshelves. Unfortunately these wreak havoc on carpet and not only do these cups help to protect the carpet from the crushing weight, they actually look quite natural and easily blend into the environment. They are of very good quality and a necessity for any utilitarian!	wonderful
Funny Man Very Serious I went to highschool with the author. He was one of the most out of control, funny people in a small school. Amazing he wrote such a moving novel. Its worth your time.	wonderful
Nice Not as pictured, they are all white. They are guitar picks, what else is there to say?? I got these to fill an order to the full $25 so it would be free shipping. They are held in your hand and they strum the guitar strings. Am i at the number of words yet for this review?? Oh, yes - I am. Do you want guitar picks? Then, this is what you are looking for - white guitar picks.	wonderful
Non-stop action... Blackwood's work is reminiscent of Clancy's best work (i.e. the stuff he used to write years ago). Like the old Clancy, the author has a talent for keeping a mindboggling number of subplots up and running full speed ahead in a literate style so often missing from books of this genre. If Blackwood can maintain this level of writing through the books that are sure to follow (most of them likely starring "End of Enemies'" hero, Briggs Tanner), he'll own a spot (right next to Ralph Peters) at the top of the military techno-thriller honor roll for years to come. "The End of Enemies" was a enjoyable rollercoaster of a read from beginning to end.	wonderful
Best comedy since Dumb and Dumber! Very pleasantly surprised! If you're a fan of Dumb and Dumber then you will absolutely fall in love with this movie! I think a big reason that I loved this movie was because I wasn't expecting much since most of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly's more recent movies have been duds that weren't funny at all.Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly play two middle aged, borderline mentally retarded men, still living at home, who become step brothers. The both act like you would expect [...] jealous step brothers to act and it is hilarious.	wonderful
best movie i have ever seen this is by far the best movie i have ever seen - i saw it over thirty years ago and i still remember it vividly - the acting - the story -everything about it	wonderful
The red and the black as if though led by destiny, I started to read this book accidentally but then found myself with tears at the end of this book. Julien Sorel... the ultimate character ever produced by literature, is a young amibitous man with a middle class background, and later on in the book he becomes more and more complex. This book draws much emotion to the reader, it is very, very touching and thoughtful. Stendhal shows so much emotion here it is almost given that he had felt love in this way too, and it is true, he had pursued love blindly in his lifetime. You'll find this book a great one with lots of strong feelings to it.	wonderful
Heartbreaking and Heartwarming This is my first book by Kristin Hannah and I really enjoyed it. I had a difficult time putting it down. I felt compassion for Julia immediately and the love she showed and taught Alice was so touching. The storyline although sad, was beautifully written. The characters were portrayed well and developed nicely throughout the story. I liked how the author introduced each character and throughout the book the character's own story/issue was played out. This book offered hope and a happy ending, which I like in a novel. I was left with wanting a few more details about certain things, but I still thought this was an excellent read!!!	wonderful
Aussie indie band kicks arse This Aussie indie band is great. Especially good on this LP is Morning Light and The Devil in me. Catchy tunes, sweet harmonies.	wonderful
These Guys Rock. I've never heard such a good band, especially from the Seattle Area, that has mostly all soft music. This stuff is great for every mood and time of day. They simply kick butt.	wonderful
Canon S2IS digital camera I bought this for my daughter for Christmas because she wanted a hi-power optical zoom camera. She's taken still pictures and videos, and used the telephoto and the macro function and hasn't even looked at the owner's manual. The camera is comfortable to hold, easy to use and the menu system is quite intuitive. The image stabilization works very well, and the pictures are clear and sharp. Color rendition is excellent. Some reviews have mentioned some chromatic aberrations (vignetting or purple fringing), but in truth that even occurs with digital SLR's and some lenses. We haven't found any aberration in my daughter's pictures, from macro to full zoom, indoors or out. The S2IS is not a professional camera, but if you want an easy to use, hi-zoom camera for every day use and family vacations, you won't be disappointed with an S2IS.	wonderful
A pleasure to watch This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's exciting, fun and full of life. A classic for all ages and times!!!	wonderful
Fun story, many more hours of fun just exploring the art! This is a new twist on the types of stories that kids love to read and hear over and over. It begins with a lady making a simple request...she just wants her apple. The chain of events that results though, teaches cause and effect in a fun way. What really makes the book a lasting treasure is the art work. We found ourselves going through the book both from front to back and back to front just exploring the colorful and playful art. I highly recommend this book for kids or even adults who like the playful prose and pictures. Two thumbs up for Mary Rose Santiago and Idries Shah. I look forward to seeing more of their works.	wonderful
BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT This was an AMAZING CD. I just received it in the mail and it is everything and more I thought it would be. I LOVE IT. BUY IT if you can. You won't regret it. The music is beautiful. Absolutely BEAUTIFUL.	wonderful
Phenominel the book was not only interesting, it was touching! there are alot of things people want to know or want to say to people who have passed in our lives, Lizzie made that happen not only for her mother but for her ancestors also, she was there for them. the book gives you a since of hope, hope to see or talk to the pass! beautifully written would love to see a movie!	wonderful
I think Stay the same is a great song.This cd is great. I wish you lived around this area. Anyways, your song really is great!This cd is wonderful. I would recommend everyoen to get this. Stay the same is a good song with a great meaning to it. You always had my support and always will.	wonderful
Thunder Thunder: Not the loud scary kind but the rumbling under the surface rolling kind that seems to recall someplace in time and space grander than the space you're currently occupying.That underneath kind of rolling thunder has made it's way out of the Badlands of North Dakota in the form of Jesse Hanson and his fine band The Primitives.Haunting, soulful, voice, swirling someplace between Neil Young and Bob Dylan and lyrical content laden with a yearning for no less than the simplicity of a world we'd feel safe wrapping ourselves up when each day begins to unfold.Feel safe, wrap yourself up one morning in your favorite blanket on your favorite old chair, cup of coffee, your lover or your dog at your side, and spend some time with your own vision of that world or better yet your memory of it.And, oh yeah, you won't be disappointed if you bring The Primitives along with you.	good
E otimo! I've looked for many books to study independently Brazilian Portuguese. I've found that many geared for the tourist don't help someone who really wants to learn the language. Brasil lingua e cultura offers enough grammar and vocabulary for a person to learn Brazilian Portuguese on their own. Another text I have is for Spanish speakers but I find that the vocab is not arranged in any thematic manner which renders studying less interesting and practical. I'm no expert so I can't judge whether or not the cultural information given is correct; but I can tell you that if you are looking for a text to learn Brazilian Portuguese, this is one of the better options available.	good
It ain't so bad..... This is a tough album to review because it isn't a true Rascals release, just Felix & Dino, & it is flawed. The concept was good: taking off from John Coltrane's spiritual plane. But the jazz musicians, with the exception of Alice Coltrane, aren't good ones for the job. So it settles into an easy listening groove that almost floats away on good vibes. Yet, as early, somewhat funky new age music it ain't so bad. Every song gives up a nice riff or two. A couple of songs are first rate, particularly Love Letter. The ethereal spaces of Mother Nature Land & Little Dove are hard to resist. The title cut is very nice makeout music. Dino plays great throughout. & the price is real good for what was a double LP. No point in complaining about Peaceful World. You'll know if you need to have it in your collection. I do. But if you prefer unqualified praise, don't listen to a 20 year veteran of New York free form radio.Bob Rixon, WFMU-FM	good
Beset hockey game for gameplay Last year I bought both NHL 2005 for the PC and 2k5 for Xbox. There are things I like in both games, though from just a hockey gameplay stand point you can't beat this.NHL 2005 was visually stunning. The player models look so much more realistic than what you see in NHL 2K5. The players, especially the goaltenders look like boxes to me with heads. The body does not look good at all. I will say the faces for the most part do look like they are suppose to be.On the other hand, the game play is much more how you would play a real hockey game. The defenders are smarter, the other players on your team are smarter. The extras are better with the skybox, and historic teams. The cut scenes during intermission are better, and the voice work is by far the best around. If they could combine the graphics of EA's and the gameplay of 2k, it would make the perfect hockey game.	good
Easiest Method To Peel Those Apples My family loves all things apple,and in particular, apple pie. My apple pie takes at least 12 medium to large apples. It used to be a momentous task to peel all those apples. Talk about tired wrists!This peeler is so awesome. Easy to use and peeled the apple beautifully. I was actually surprised how easy it was to use. Sturdy and built well. Did not move while peeling apple. It could be one of the best kitchen gadgets! It saves so much time, and it works exactly like demonstrated. So wonderful if you have any hand issues and find peeling apples difficult. With arthritis, I was looking for something to help me with peeling apples. When this item arrived, I opened it, skeptically took everything out of the box. My daughter in law and daughter were watching as I placed an apple on the peeler and began to turn,,,,wow! We all cheered the results! So easy, so complete. The perfect apple peeler! Love it!"Highly Recommended. prisrob 01-17-13	good
Finally a nice quality release KILLDOZER isn't the best movie in the world but it is enjoyable in a cheap t.v. movie sort of way. For years this movie was bootlegged and could be purchased at about any film convention but Universal finally found out that these old movies actually have a value and they will sell if released professionally so they started their dvd-r releases as i guess they are probably much cheaper to produce and there is not a problem with over production of a specific title.The quality is very nice and the movie is what it is and that being a fun cheap horror movie made for t.v. in the 1970's.	good
A good book--very interesting I am not a quilter, but I am a history buff. I picked this book up because it sounded really interesting. I was not disappointed. There is lots to this story that I probably could understand better if I would read the other books in the series, which I probably will.Sylvia finds some old quilts in an ancestor's hope chest, along with a journal. The journal displays her ancestor's in a different light than what Sylvia was brought up to believe. This makes it very interesting. There is even a mystery that isn't solved at the end of the book--which leads to the question everyone asks at one point in their life--who am I?Sylvia learns to trust her instincts and understand that it's not what you are percieved, but how you percieve yourself.An interesting, enjoyable book that I would recommend.	good
Works well for the money For the price this works well. Used it to make some simple driftwood art. The tip tends to loosen up and it could be hotter, but for the money it works fine and comes with a nice assortment of accessories. I have recommended it to a few friends.	good
Forging a New Path In a continuation of the by now immortalized Foundation series, Asimov builds the conflict between the two Foundations to an apocalyptic level. The scope and creativity of the novel is unmatched, and the strength of the characters is unquestionable. However, the end of the book diverges sharply from the precedent established in previous Foundation novels, and the change can be a little disillusioning for dedicated readers of the series. This abrupt change is part of what keeps the series interesting, but Asimov gives little reason for the new course.	good
Powerful Even Today This is a brilliant book that captures what can happen to man when he believes in his own power too much. As one who has traveled up the Congo River himself, I am amazed at Conrad's ability to capture a place so well.	good
Looks better than it is My 8 year old is a Yu Gi Oh fanatic...a real card collector and my 4 year old likes game battling. When you look on the back of this XBox game, it appears to be a game where you play the actual card game and then battle your monsters.[...]BR>1. You cannot play a 2 player game unless your buddy down the street bring over HIS XBox console WITH his OWN Yu Gi Oh game and you have a system LINK cable. (What 8 year olds do that anyway) Anyone playing this game will want to battle other players not the Computer Players!2. There is no actual batlle. The monsters flash in front of you very fast. You get a 3 second glimpse of themVery dissapointing [...].	good
Kindle 2 I've now read 3 books plus a few short guides on the K2. I wasn't quite sure how I'd adapt to the format, but I've found I like it quite well. The viewing angle is amazing--there is no angle of reading that makes the text get fuzzy. There is a learning curve especially finding the different menu choices. I believe in most cases it is superior to a printed book especially given the built in dictionary and light weight. You can download "War and Peace" and the K2 gains no weight! Two major improvements would be greater contrast, true black on white as opposed to black on pale green. The second would be the addition of folders so books could be organized by category. While great for books, the K2 doesn't work well with magazines or pubs with a lot of photo or graphic content.	good
The choices you make shape your life After the depressing, cynical realism of much contemporary fiction, I was utterly smitten by At Home in Mitford. It didn't look exciting at first, but the more I read, the more I couldn't stop reading. It is utter delight! Quite like eating popcorn or going for a walk on a crisp spring day! If you want a book with good values, the "milk of human kindness", clean humor, hope and simplicity, read this book. I loved its pace. It ambled. It felt like I was experiencing daily life with ordinary people; but, because Mitford is such a sweet magical place, I never wanted it to end. I was also touched by the way characters made choices that changed their lives, especially Homeless Hobbes and George Gaynor. Awesome! Read this book if you want to remember that life can be charming, simple, meaningful and lovely. If anyone else loved this book and can recommend similar books, please let me know. Thanks!	good
Great little ammo belt Got this to hold 7.62X54 rounds. It holds them in with a snug fit. Great for over the shoulder. For around the waist maybe up to a 52 inch waist then it goes over the shoulder. Well made product.	good
A Great book The Gadget is a book about a boy who lives with his mother in England during a war. His father lives and works on a military base in Los Alamos. His father is a physicist on the base. He is one of many physicists on the base that is designing and making the A-bomb. The boy meets a friend that lives neer the base and they become good friends. If you like books with action and a little mystery at the same time, this book is for you. This book will keep you guessing all the way till the end.	good
UK OT student! I ordered this from the UK, as an OT student I love study cards, pocket guides etc, and this is the only thing available that I could find. These cards cover a lot of information, the majority suitable for me in the UK. Excellent as a revision aid and handy in your pocket during placements. I have laminated some of the cards to help them last.	good
poor experience all around When I received this scale the 'tare' function did not work. I returned the item. I was charged $25.00 on my card, received an e-mail from Amazon saying that I would be refunded $19.45. I guess that even though the product was defective, I still had to pay the shipping. I have yet to see the $19.45 credit on my card.	terrible
Too Messy, and dry rice on the bottom. I used my new cuisinart 8 cup rice cooker for the first time this evening and am very dissapointed with it. I followed the instructions to the letter and ended up with the thick rice liquid spilling over onto the lid and splattering all over the rice cooker and some onto the counter. When it was done there was a thick dry layer of rice on the bottom that couldn't be eaten, very wasteful.I only cooked 2 cups, I wonder how much mess I would have had if I had cooked more than that! I plan on calling Cuisinart about the problems I am having.	terrible
Didn't Work!!!! I bought AOE III from my local Future Shop with so much anticipation. When I brought it home, my Compaq couldn't load it. I finally figured out that there was an error on the CD. I exchanged it for another copy and guess what? Another error. I've since played it on other computers and although I like the interface, it always runs very slowly. Overall, it's not worth the trouble. I'd rather waste my time playing something else (*Kingdom Hearts for PS2*)	terrible
Do not trust JPMFUN The listing leads one to believe the product for sale is a Microsoft XBox 360 Headset, white. I did not receive that, I received a Komodo brand headset for the Xbox 360 that came in a damaged container. The corner of the container looks like someone stepped on the corner. Also, looks quite different from the headset in the picture on the listing.	terrible
cannot use these speakers outside powered by electricity I returned the speakers. The instructions said that they cannot be used outside with the charger, i.e when you used them outside the power has to come from the batteries. I wanted to use in my porch and did not want to have to change the batteries constantly.	terrible
Buy Makita Lithium Ion All of the jobsites I go on I either fire up my generator or there is power already supplied. These 36volt tools are just too bulky and heavy. The drill is 6.9lbs compared to the Makita BHP451 at 4.9 lbs. I carry this thing around all day so to me that 2 lbs adds up to hundreds of lbs through the course of the day.The Makita engineers were genius's when they took the most popular cordless voltage and made it smaller, lighter, more comfortable, and more powerful than the leading competitors 18 volt. Makita's torque rating on the 18volt Lithium Ion drill and hammer drill spec out at 560 in. lbs. This 36v drill is rated for power by unit watts out (uwo), is dewalt trying to implement a new standard of rating fastening torque???? Interesting though, dewalt still rates the impact wrench(DC800KL) in ft-lbs. Makita is the way to go.	terrible
Worthless A disastrous work that perpetuates misinformation bout Confucius' life, strips the numbering off the Analects, loses half of them and throws the rest into a jumbled order presumably meant to read as a flowing narrative. Includes contemporary language, but many terms and phrases are badly chosen and clash with the overall tone of the work. Some passages are badly distorted; most of them read like dubbed dialogue in a martial-arts movie. Not recommended for anyone or anything, except as an example of what not to do. Wade-Giles romanization.	terrible
false information to customer They say its like new but is it not the book is so dirty and i'm afraid to touch it the way its dirty. How can some one sell something like that and put that it is like new , stop putting false report up and then when you get your stuff it not saying what you payed for.	terrible
Worthless Purchase I only give this a 1 because I can't choose a zero.Whomever wrote the puzzles for this book obviously doesn't know the rules of sudoku:No number can appear twice within a column, row, or 9-box sub-section (nor located in the same box within the 9-box sub-section). I'm a sudoku fanatic, so I'm very versed in the rules. When I sat down and started working the puzzles, I found myself running up against instances on every puzzle where the same number would have to appear in the upper left hand box of each sub-section twice within the same puzzle (which is a BIG no-no). When this happened 10 times in a row, I went back to the answer page and discovered all of the puzzles had this defect.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS BOOK!!	terrible
Not much here I was dissapointed in this little book. It looks like the book was rushed out to capitalize on the war and Rumsfeld media attention. Not much here in terms of learning - Rumsfeld is pretty command and control.	terrible
v-moda earbuds i could not keep these earbuds in my ears. tried all sizes and not oneworked. they would fall out even if i was just sitting. they were alsovery uncomfortable. i sent them back in 24 hours.	terrible
This CD was a real disappointment for any Patsy Cline fan! Unfortunately, the producer of this CD added strings and background singers to the original vocals. According to the information included with the disc, this was to make the songs more suited to the music tastes of the 80's. The result is ornate and syrupy. The wonderful characteristics of Ms. Cline's voice get lost in this recording. What a shame!	terrible
Thanks for all the online reviews. Saved me some money. After reading all of these reviews, I believe I will wait for the MS Press SMS 2.0 Training Kit. I don't want to learn SMS 1.2 and it sounds like that is mainly what this book is all about.Thanks readers and keep on reviewing.	terrible
Eric where are you? This guy obviously made the video in his basement. I spent 20 bucks on this that I might as well have burnt. This Curt character teaches scales wrong, riffs wrong, and the tablature that comes with the video is photo copied out of some guys scrap book and is illegable as well as not in proper format. Please shoot me.	terrible
NOT WORTH IT! I bought this sifter and washed before I used it. The bottom strainer part came undone, so I pushed it back into place, except it wouldn't go back in the right spot, so everytime I shook it side to side, it wouldn't sift, because the metal piece that slides back and forth to sift wasn't touching the bottom strainer part anymore. Needless to say, it went back and I got the old fashioned kind with the squeeze handle.	terrible
Doesn't hold a 9mth old here....another velcro complaint! As many other people have complained, the Velcro design on the gate is ridiculous. Our 9 month old has it totally figured out and the gate is now worthless. We have only had the gate a month. We bought two and combined them to make a play area. The design for that was great....just the Velcro is inferior. I am going to try to hand sew the door on to see if we can save ourselves the $200 I wasted. It also doesn't matter which side the Velcro in on, the inside or outside...she just pushes on the mesh and the Velcro pops open. Don't buy this one!Edited: I contacted the company and they sent me a replacement with the Velcro sewn shut. It now works great. I would give it a 5 star now!	terrible
this sucks, worst 1 yet ohh my god does this movie suck, it is crap, honestly what was adam herz thinking when he wrote this, probably nuthin. the charecters are annoyin as ever especally michelle, her mother, kevin and jim and i 4 1 am bored of this franchise now, never thought i'd say that bcause i loved the first 2.the director Jesse Dylan isnt very good at what he does, i no i culdnt do better but i am not a director, they should of stuck with the origional directors (paul & chris wietz and J.B Rodgers)the reason i gave it 2 stars was stifler, although annoyin sometimes he is the movies saving grace. plz dnt buy plz dnt rent watch it when its on tv, defentaly not worth it. oh yeah the little kid who said this is the best film ever, what age are u 7, ur delousional kid.	bad
No substance There are some good principles in the book, but its way to easy to get lost in all of the repetition and blandness. The section on fibonocci retracements was useful and seems to work well for me in practice; however, I didn't get much else from the book.	bad
Worked great for 6 months, then a few keys went dead See review title above. I was really happy with it until the "M" key (and a couple others above/below it) stopped working. I always took good care of it too, it had its own little storage slot in my car.The product has been discontinued. It was fun while it lasted.	bad
Easy to Install But Low in Picture Quality The price is very reasonable and it's easy to install. Configuring the settings was a bit tricky at first but definitely doable. However the quality of the picture on my monitor (with 1650x1050 resolution) was really low. I also bought this TV tuner to use my monitor as a bedroom TV. However, even though the tuner comes with a remote control to turn it off when you're done watching TV, you still have to get up to turn off the monitor. So in combination with your monitor, it really doesn't work as a bedroom TV. I decided to return it.	bad
Where's the quality? I'm jealous of all these great reviews here. Mine broke within the first month without anything drastic happening to it. One of the nubs that lets the bite valve rotate snapped. Until then it was a great water bottle, but really I expected more for the price.	bad
Lot of hits, but... ...the problem is that the tracks are cut so that each song bleeds into the next, which is great for playing at parties, but bad if you want to record your own mixes. Trying to "stitch" the parts together doesn't always work either, so if you want to mix your own, find another compilation.	bad
Rusts too easily It's a very cheap piece of cookware, and it is kind of non-stick. I used it one time with a bamboo steamer, meaning that I had to place water in the bottom to boil, and afterwards I noticed that the bottom of the pan was a bit rusted. The metal screw on the lid also rusted.I figured it would be fine if I just used it to steam things then, and the second time I steamed something the entire bottom of the pan rusted, and my food and bamboo steamer came out smelling very funny.If you are very careful with it, or don't cook much at all, it might be worth it, but otherwise I would invest in something a little less flimsy.	bad
Flimsy, all-plastic construction. "Revolutionary" pouring system doesn't work very well. Very disappointed in this purchase.The entire rack, including jars, is made of plastic. Yes, "chrome" means silver-painted plastic. Looks and feels very flimsy. Pouring doesn't work very well, it is easy to overdo it when you only need a pinch of finely ground herb.I ended up returning it and got Olde Thompson 20-Jar Wine Rack Spice Rack instead.	bad
WOULD LOVE TO GIVE IT GOOD REVIEW, BUT I BOUGHT THIS ITEM BACK IN NOVEMBER OF 2002 AND IT'S NOW MARCH OF 2003 THE MOTOR HAS GONE OUT IN IT......WHICH TO ME FOR THE AMOUNT I PAID IT SHOULD LAST ALOT LONGER THEN 4 MONTHS NOT HAPPY AT ALL ABOUT THAT AND 1 MONTH AFTER I PURCHASED IT I LOST THE USE OF THE NICE POWER ATTATCHMENT GREEN, SO ALL IN ALL THIS WAS A BUST MACHINE FOR ME.....SO NOW I HAVE TO GO OUT OF MY WAY TO GET IT ALL REPLACED....THE ONLY SMART THING I DID WAS PURCHASE THE EXTENDED WARRANTY, SO PERHAPS IT'LL ALL BE TAKIN' CARE OF......THANKS..	bad
left me hanging... i bought this cd because i liked 'waiting for tonight' and 'if you had my love' - but it turned out those 2 were the only good songs! i felt the rest were missing something - and there was no punch to it. she has a lot of slow songs, and it's fit for background noise - you hear something, but don't know what she's singing about because she's whining. i was disappointed overall.	bad
Terrible Theology - Trite premiss I have always been a fan of Fanny Flagg's novels - she has such a quirky sense of humor and creates such lovable characters. I usually want to live in the town of the novel. But not this time. I was really disappointed in this novel. Disgusted too. Even if you're not Christian, I can't see anyone liking the heaven that she interprets here. Not only that, but many of the characters back on earth are either shallow or their problems are solved by a word of sage advice from the main character. Gag. Don't waste your time with this one.	bad
Her Vocal Quality is Slipping I won't repeat the faults found in many of the other reviews. Like most of Fleming's vocal interpretations I find her album cover picture to be oh so pretentious and precious rather than "beautiful" as some reviewers have found. Was that "I am So Wonderful and Here I am Dreaming" picture necessary? Her voice has become heavy and her mannerisms less than welcome. And the songs comprise a veritable hotch potch of overly recorded numbers with her singing varying from fine to "Oh My God, what was that"!	bad
Dreary movie This movie starts in a dark and grimy fashion and it seems to end there. Snow White and her Huntsman have zero chemistry, making for a strange and awkward fairy tale ending, which is fitting for a Kristen Stewart movie. The Huntsman actor is much better as Thor. The dwarves are not menacing or cheerful, just very weird. Not worth the purchase or rental price.	bad
Mother 93' dumb front imagery, good music, 3 new songs, and sistinas live along with Mother(Mother 93')	bad
Nothing new or fun This game doesn't have any special features, and it is not very fun. it seems to be based on the SuperNintendo version of Madden, and that seems underpar for a 32 bit system.	bad
Blown out of proportion It's true that some products have poor interfaces, but in my experience this "problem" is blown way out of proportion with reality. The only people I know who couldn't figure out how to program their VCRs were people who did not try for more than 5 minutes. Read the instructions, both in the book and onscreen, and VCR programming is a snap, from the earliest models to today.I think the real question should be: Why are so many users so lazy? This is more of a social problem than a technological one. Some think that if any effort is required to learn how to use a new device then it's poorly designed. Poppycock!	bad
