The FBI has released photos made from surveillance video of three masked thieves stealing historic gold nuggets on display at a San Francisco bank museum after ramming a stolen SUV through its revolving door. San Francisco police say the robbers took up to 10 ounces of gold worth roughly $10,000 early Monday. One of the robbers held a gun to a security guard's head while his accomplices stole the gold nuggets from the Wells Fargo History Museum, the site where the bank launched in 1852. The photos released Thursday show the men in ski masks and gloves that obscure their identities. They're seen next to the SUV covered in broken glass and grabbing a display case . They escaped in a sedan. The photos released Thursday show the men in ski masks and gloves that obscure their identities. They're seen next to the SUV covered in broken glass and grabbing a display case. Each man is described as about 6 feet tall. One of the robbers held a gun to a security guard's head while his accomplices stole the gold nuggets from the Wells Fargo History Museum . Each man is described as about 6 feet tall and all escaped in a sedan . Wells Fargo Bank officials have vowed to reopen the popular corporate museum in the heart of San Francisco's financial district. The museum is a destination for schoolchildren and tourists and includes two restored stagecoaches, a working telegraph and other California Gold Rush-era memorabilia. 'Rest assured, the museum will reopen, so it can continue to serve the thousands of visitors and Bay Area residents who visit it each year,' Pulido said. Wells Fargo opened its first branch on the site in 1852, he said. The tactic mirrored three other smash-and-grab thefts involving vehicles in the San Francisco Bay Area since May. Police said they are investigating whether there's a connection. In this image from surveillance video released by the FBI,  a suspect is seen inside of the Wells Fargo Museum on Tuesday, Jan. 27, 2015 in San Francisco . Last week, thieves backed a U-Haul van through the front of a Patagonia store near San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf, loaded it with high-end outdoor clothing and gear, and sped off. On Nov. 26, two men rammed a vehicle into an upscale designer boutique in Union Square and took handbags. Across San Francisco Bay, robbers in May busted through the glass at an Apple Store in a bustling shopping district in Berkeley to steal electronics. Police did not reveal the value of the stolen merchandise in any of the cases. In Tuesday's robbery, the stolen gold was estimated to be worth roughly $10,000, but Wells Fargo officials were trying to determine exactly what was taken before settling on a more precise figure. Wells Fargo Bank officials have vowed to reopen the popular corporate museum in the heart of San Francisco's financial district . The robbers may have difficulty selling the nuggets unless they get melted down . Dealers of precious metals say they will be on the lookout for nuggets with historical significance that suddenly appear on the market, rare coin dealer Don Kagin said. The robbers may have difficulty selling the nuggets unless they get melted down, he said. Melting the gold could remove possible markings concerning when and where the nuggets were mined, said Fred Holabird, a mining geologist and an owner of a rare and unique collectibles business in Reno, Nevada. 'This is such bad news from my viewpoint,' he said, calling the potential loss of historical indicators a tragedy. Holabird said the nuggets could be worth two to 10 times the value of gold, now selling for about $1,300 an ounce on the open market. Holabird said the nuggets could be worth two to 10 times the value of gold, now selling for about $1,300 an ounce on the open market . Selling stolen precious metals is difficult but not impossible. Robbers who swiped $1.3 million in gold, quartz and other valuable metals on display at the California State Mining and Mineral Museum in 2012 were able to sell about $12,000 worth of gold to pawn shops and dealers, police said. Some of the stolen items, including a bag of ground-up quartz, were recovered. Five men were convicted of the heist at the museum in the Sierra Nevada foothills.	San Francisco police say the robbers took up to 10 ounces of gold worth roughly $10,000 early Monday . Footage shows three masked thieves ramming a stolen SUV into the bank museum through its revolving door . One of the robbers held a gun to a security guard's head while his accomplices stole the gold nuggets from the Wells Fargo History Museum, the site where the bank launched in 1852 .
By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 14:13 EST, 28 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:13 EST, 28 August 2012 . A mother was caught giving her four-year-old son 'shots' of beer at a bar before admitting to police that she let him drink wine at home. Gretchen Lynn Kinnear, 44, was charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor in Fort Mill, South Carolina, according to authorities. Around 8.30pm on Saturday night, a witness called police from  McHale’s Irish Pub to report a woman giving around three 'shots' of beer to the little boy after staff had asked her to stop. Irresponsible: Gretchen Lynn Kinnear, pictured, was charged after being spotted at a bar giving her son shots of beer in Fort Mill, North Carolina . Kinnear told officers that she had tried some blond ale and gave the four-year-old some of it to drink from a shot glass. She admitted to having given her son beer before which the child described as 'tea' which made him dizzy and laugh, according to the Charlotte Observer. The 44-year-old said she also drank wine a couple of times a week at home and gave some to her son - but never to get him drunk. A report by York County investigators did not provide reasons as to why the woman gave her son alcohol to drink. The mother was held at the York County Detention Center before being released on $3,000 bond. Social services have placed the woman's son in the custody of a couple who regularly babysits the child. Night out: Kinnear, 44, was at McHale's Irish Pub when other patrons noticed she was giving her son beer from a shot glass at a table . Arrest: The mother was arrested after giving her four-year-old beer to drink at this bar on Saturday night before admitting to police that she also gave him wine at home .	Gretchen Lynn Kinnear, 44, was at McHale's Irish pub with her son . Police were called to bar in Fort Mill, SC, after staff asked her to stop giving the child beer from a shot glass . Boy said he drank 'tea' which made him dizzy and laugh .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Officials in the United States are looking into the recent arrest of an Iranian-American student in Tehran who was working on a research project on women's rights in Iran. Esha Momeni was arrested October 15 in Tehran, Iran, officials said. Esha Momeni, a graduate student at California State University-Northridge, was arrested October 15 in Tehran for unlawfully passing another vehicle while driving, according to Change For Equality, an Iranian women's movement. "We're seeking additional information about this case," State Department spokesman Robert Wood said Wednesday. "We stand with all those in Iran who are working for universal human rights and justice in their countries." Momeni, who was born in Los Angeles, California, is a member of Change for Equality's California chapter. She arrived in Tehran two months ago to work on her masters thesis project on the Iranian women's movement, according to the group, which is in touch with Momeni's family in Iran. Momeni is being held in a section of Tehran's notorious Evin Prison that is managed by the Intelligence Ministry, the group said. Evin Prison houses many Iranian dissidents and political prisoners, and it is where four Iranian-Americans were held for several months last year. All have been released. Iranian officials had promised Momeni's family that she would be immediately released if the news of her arrest was not published, the organization said. "While Esha's friends and colleagues were insistent about announcing the news of her arrest immediately, based on requests from her family this news was announced with delay," Change for Equality said on its Web site. Momeni's parents decided to release the information after they went to Iran's Revolutionary Court on Sunday -- five days after her arrest -- to inquire about her case, and they were told not to return until the investigation into her case has been completed, according to Change for Equality. The Momeni family returned to Iran after the 1979 Islamic revolution, but Esha had gone back to the United States several years ago to study for her masters degree, according to a blog post from her journalism professor, Melissa Wall. A separate blog calling for her release (for-esha.blogspot.com) has been established and includes an interview with Wall, who describes her student as "an exceptionally bright person, very creative and artistic." She calls herself "shocked" to hear of Momeni's arrest. "I'm aware that such things happen in Iran, but I'm confident that they have nothing to fear from Esha's research project," Wall said. "It is simply an academic exercise, not meant for publication outside of academic circles. I cannot image why she should be held in detention." On her personal blog, Wall said, "She is a videographer who was simply interviewing Iranian women. She has broken no laws, has not done anything wrong."	Esha Momeni was was working on her thesis on women's rights in Iran . She was arrested for unlawfully passing another vehicle while driving October 15 . Momeni is being held in Tehran's notorious Evin Prison . News of arrest withheld because family was told she would be released .
(CNN) -- Is ballet dying? Isabella Boylston, the 27-year-old new principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre, says it's not. Born in Idaho, she started dancing at 3 even though no one in her family knew anything about it. Her love for ballet has taken her touring around the world. While ballet is still very much admired, this classical and rigorous art form is no longer enjoying the popularity it once had in its glory heydays. "For most of the 20th century, including the entire post-war period, ballet was central to our cultural life. Now more than ever before it needs to be connected to the culture and the direction we're heading," says Jennifer Homans, a dance critic who has written about the history of ballet. Homans says the tremendous social changes that occurred after the 1990s affected ballet's cultural prominence. The important question now is: What is the place of ballet in a rapidly changing and high-tech society where people like to watch three-minute YouTube videos or check text messages constantly? To help revitalize ballet in the 21st century, New York University is opening the Center for Ballet and the Arts on September 22. "The big issue is the future of ballet. It is being reinvented as we speak -- and that takes time, talent and resources," says Homans, who is the heading the center. With this new ballet think tank, and with dancers like Boylston who is full of optimism, will ballet leap gracefully into the 22nd century? Time will tell. CNN spoke with Boylston about what it's like to live and breathe ballet today. Why should we care about ballet? Ballet is such a unique art form. You can say things through dance that you could never express in words, and ballet has the ability to touch people on a deep, abstract level. In some ways, ballet is more valuable now than ever. Everything today is so fast-paced and technologically overloaded -- people are constantly staring into computers or their phone screens for entertainment. But going to the theater to see a ballet is unique in that it's completely live and in the moment -- unfiltered and unedited. It's a real and tangible meditation. What sparked your passion for dance? I was about 11 when I completely fell in love with ballet. I was going to this little ballet school situated above a tavern, and we had live piano music, which is really rare for ballet class at that age. My teacher would bring a bag full of silk scarves and at the end of each class we would each take one and dance around and improvise to the music. It felt so free and was the perfect outlet for my creativity. I also loved watching dance movies. I loved "Center Stage" and "The Turning Point." Do you have a favorite character? So far, it's been Giselle. It's about a girl who falls in love for the first time and she's on this incredible high, then she gets betrayed and everything comes crashing down. She goes completely mad in front of everyone onstage and dies. In the second act she comes back as a spirit and finds forgiveness within herself. When I performed it this past season, I felt like I became her. It was so emotional, and I could feel so much support from the other dancers onstage. Everyone was invested in the story. Another favorite role is Odette/Odile in "Swan Lake." The Tchaikovsky score is incredible, and I love the animalistic swan imagery. It's a fun challenge to play up the contrast between White Swan and the Black Swan. What are the 3 most painful things you've ever had to do? Most people don't realize how athletic ballet is -- you have to be so mentally strong to be a dancer. One of the toughest things I had to do was Act 2 of "Swan Lake" when I was in the Corps de Ballet. You have to stand very still on one leg in a position called b plus for what seems like an eternity, after jumping and doing hard dancing. Your feet cramp and everything hurts. When I first performed it as a teenager, I think I had tears streaming down my face. But then you learn how to pace yourself and it becomes more enjoyable. Another ballet is "Theme and Variations," by George Balanchine. It's definitely one of the hardest things I've done. You get unbelievably tired, to the point that it feels almost impossible to get through. I've seen people throw up in the wings from exhaustion after it. It's the same with Black Swan Pas de Deux from "Swan Lake". But, I don't focus on the pain. We love what we do. And it's the best feeling when you get through something really physically hard and the curtain comes down and you've given it your all physically and emotionally. How many hours do your dance every day? On average, I probably dance for 7 to 9 hours a day. We start every day with ballet "class," which is a series of exercises you do to maintain strength and warm up. That's followed by rehearsals and sometimes a performance at night. What do you say to people who say ballet is boring? They've probably never seen a great ballet with great dancers. For instance, if you watch a bad football game it can be boring, too. Ballet has something for everyone to admire. If you don't like the choreography, you can listen to the music, and if you hate that too, then at least there are beautiful people onstage. There are some young choreographers working today like Justin Peck, who make ballets that are the farthest thing from boring. We are making a dance film together that will come out later this year. Stay tuned! Do your feet hurt all the time? Actually, no. Your feet become accustomed to being en pointe and our pointe shoes are surprisingly supportive, taking the stress off your toes. Other parts of my body hurt though. Ironically, the harder I'm working the less pain I have, because your body gets into crazy shape. Any indulgences? I've been pretty lucky and can eat pretty much whatever I want, especially when we are in season. On a show day I always have a bacon egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast. I don't eat a lot of sweets. My favorite food is pasta, specifically bucatini all'amatriciana, which I discovered when I was performing in Rome. And I love having a glass of wine after a show.	Isabella Boylston is a principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre in New York City . CNN spoke with Boylston about what it's like to dance and why we should care about ballet . Some in the dance community ask what is the place of ballet in a fast-paced, high-tech society . New York University is opening Center for Ballet and the Arts to explore questions about ballet .
By . Laura Cox . It is a matter Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan have clearly discussed at some length in private. But their decision to make public their thoughts on assisted suicide and reveal details of a suicide pact they have made has led to one of television’s most popular couples dividing opinion and exposing themselves to criticism. After 26 years of marriage, the former presenters of ITV’s This Morning said they had made a ‘pledge’ to help one another if they were suffering and considered it the ‘responsibility’ of their partner, regardless of the consequences. Under fire: Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan, pictured in Fowey, Cornwall, on Monday, were yesterday accused by anti-euthanasia campaigners of 'promoting' suicide . Mr Madeley, 57, said he would not hesitate if his wife asked him to give her ‘a little push to go over the edge’ and Miss Finnigan said she would do the same. Under British law, a partner can be prosecuted if they help someone to die. Mr Madeley said he would spare his wife such a fate by joking that he would shoot himself in the head. ‘For me, it would be the locked room, the bottle of whisky and the revolver,’ he said. ‘I wouldn’t want to mess around.’ Devoted: The couple, who have been married for 26 years and have two children together, said on Sunday that they had made a suicide pact if one of them would become seriously ill . Miss Finnigan, 65, was equally . forthright. ‘Stuff it all. We’ve made ourselves give each other a pledge . along those lines,’ she said. However, . they were accused by anti-euthanasia campaigners of ‘promoting’ suicide, with their celebrity status increasing the risk of copycat . agreements. Dr Peter Saunders of Care Not Killing said Mr Madeley’s revolver comment amounted to a breach of World Health Organisation guidelines about the discussion of suicide in the public sphere. The guidelines, which are intended to protect the vulnerable, state that celebrity endorsement is to be avoided and methods should not be discussed. Disability rights campaigner Baroness Campbell, who  is against the legalisation  of assisted suicide, echoed  those concerns. While noting that the couple’s . decision was ‘entirely their own matter’, she added: ‘When it becomes . problematic is because they have a very prominent influence on people. Still going strong: The couple, pictured in 1993, have been married for 26 years . ‘They . have a massive following but what they’re not doing is thinking about . how their decisions may impact upon other people and the adverse effect . this could have on people. ‘They . have a very influential voice and the people who will suffer will be . those who are  vulnerable to influence and coercion. 'While everyone has a . right to an opinion, I don’t think what they’ve done is responsible.’ However, Dignity in Dying, which supports assisted suicide, welcomed the debate ignited  by the couple. ‘This . is a conversation that needs to be had and any discussion about it . going on in the public sphere is a positive thing,’ said a spokesman. The couple have two children together – Chloe and Jack – and Miss Finnigan has two sons from a previous marriage. They were last on TV screens regularly five years ago but remain well-known due to their book club, which is now in its tenth year. The couple, who became grandparents 18 months ago, revealed that they decided to confront the issue when Mr Madeley’s mother died last month. He said that although she had Alzheimer’s and lung cancer, her death came as a shock. Miss Finnigan added: ‘It’s just the shock of death. It is so final … I suspect that the closer you get to your own mortality, the more final it seems.’ Assisted suicide remains a criminal offence in England and Wales, technically punishable by up to 14 years in prison. Guidelines issued in 2010 indicated that anyone acting with compassion on the will of a dying person is unlikely to face charges. Severely ill Britons are increasingly ending their lives by travelling to clinics abroad, such as Dignitas in Switzerland.	TV couple revealed details of a suicide pact yesterday . Say they have pledged to help one another if they were suffering . Couple made the promise following the death of Richard's mother . Accused by anti-euthanasia campaigners of ‘promoting’ suicide .
By . Snejana Farberov . PUBLISHED: . 01:07 EST, 7 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:02 EST, 7 November 2013 . A 27-year-old Austin woman who was charged with causing a fatal DUI accident that killed her friend was sentenced to 10 days in jail after the victim’s parents asked the judge for leniency. Police said Madeline Rackley, then 25 years old, drove her car into Lady Bird Lake in July 2012 after spending the night drinking with friends in an Austin bar. Rackley and a female front-seat passenger were able to escape from the sinking car, but 25-year-old Jarrett Ryan Whittington, who was in the backseat, was unable to free himself and drowned. Scroll down for video . Justice for Jarrett: Madeline Rackley (left), 27, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault with a deadly weapon for causing the death of Jarrett Ryan Whittington (right), 25, by driving her car into a lake . Light punishment: Rackley will spend 10 days in a county jail, followed by 200 hours of community service and 10 years' probation . The 27-year-old driver was originally charged with intoxication manslaughter, but on Wednesday she appeared in court and tearfully pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. During an emotional hearing, the victim’s father, Gary Whittington, spoke directly to Rackley, saying that he forgave her for causing his son's death. The father hugged the woman and also handed her a care package containing self-help books on grief, prayers and a letter Mr Whittington had written from the point of view of his dead son. ‘I don't feel qualified to be God here,’ said Gary Whittington. ‘We want the least amount of punishment for the most results,’ according to the station KXAN. Emotional encounter: Whittington's father (right) told Rackley in court that his family have forgiven her for her action, and he handed to her a care package containing books on grief and a personal letter . Bereaved: Jarrett's mother and sister wept in the audience as they witnessed Rackley tearfully entering her guilty plea . Jarrett's family requested the lowest possible sentence for Rackley, who will have to serve only 10 days behind bars beginning November 29, followed by 200 hours of community service. The 27-year-old defendant also will get 10 years’ probation and will be stripped off her driver's license for two years. Rackley, who was convicted of another DUI in 2010, will have to have an interlock device installed in her car, and she will be subjected to alcohol and drug testing, Statesman.com reported. If Rackley violates the terms of her plea deal, she could face 20 years in prison. Lawsuit: The Whittingtons have taken legal action against the Lustre Pearl bar, claiming that a bartender there over-served their son and Rackley on the night of July 1, 2012 . Bad move: Rackley ended up driving her Honda off a boat ramp and into Lady Bird Lake . Terrible outcome: Rackley and a female front-seat passenger managed to escape from the car, but Whittington, who was sitting in the back, was unable to free himself and drowned . Tragedy struck just before 2am on July 1, 2012, when Madeline Rickley drove her Honda carrying Jarrett Whittington and another friend off a boat ramp and into Lady Bird Lake. Officers who arrived on the scene rescued Rackley and the woman from the water, but by the time they learned that there was another person stranded in the sunken car, it was too late. While the Whittington family had forgiven the young driver, they have filed a lawsuit against the bar Lustre Pearl, claiming that a bartender there over-served Rackley and their son. Repeat offender: Rackley (left) was convicted of another DWI in 2010 . Last month, the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission ordered the bar to pay a $40,500 fine, or face a 45-day license suspension. The agency also imposed restrictions on the types of alcoholic beverages the establishment is allowed to serve. var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 636; p.config.height = 358; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|STAGEV3|SPSQA'); .	Madeline Rackley drove her car in Lady Bird Lake in Austin, Texas, July 1, 2012, killing her friend, 25-year-old Jarrett Whittington . Whittington’s parents asked the judge for lowest possible sentence for Rackley . Will serve 10 days in county jail, 200 hours of community service, 10 years’ probation and will have her license suspended for two years . Gary Whittington handed Rackley care package containing books on grief and letter written from his dead son's point of view . Whittingtons are suing Lustre Pearl bar for allegedly over-serving Rackley and Jarrett . Bar paid $40,500 fine imposed by Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission to avoid license suspension .
She may have been the victim of a targeted cyber attack, but have nude photos of herself made public has clearly not harmed Jennifer Lawrence's popularity or career. The 24-year-old Hollywood star, who is rumoured to be dating Gwyneth Paltrow's husband Chris Martin, has topped a list of the world's best-dressed women. The actress replaces Twilight star Kristen Stewart, who slips to third place after spending two years at the top of the rankings. Scroll down for video . The 24-year-old star has topped the prestigious list, voted for by the magazines readers . Oscar-winner Lupita Nyong'o, who has wowed fashion critics with her red carpet appearances since she shot to fame in the film 12 Years A Slave, came second in Glamour's 50 Best-Dressed Women list. Former Harry Potter star Emma Watson, the highest ranking British actress in the list, takes fourth place, and is followed by former Gossip Girl star Blake Lively and Hollywood royalty Angelina Jolie in the annual poll. The Duchess of Cambridge is seventh, with singer Katy Perry, actress Jennifer Aniston and The Amazing Spider-Man star Emma Stone completing the top 10. Lupita Nyong'o has become a recognised queen of the red carpet gown, combining elegance and high fashion . Eccentric singer Lady Gaga, whose outfits over the years have included a dress made from slabs of meat and a 'bubble installation', made 11th place. Fashionista Victoria Beckham is 15th, after Beyonce, Jennifer Lopez and Florence And The Machine singer Florence Welch. Other chic women on the list were Angelina Jolie (left) at sixth place, and the Duchess of Cambridge (right) at seventh spot, both of whom embrace a tailored elegant look . Former Harry Potter star Emma Watson, the highest ranking British actress in the list in fourth place . Cara Delevingne does not make the top 20 - she's 24th, while fellow supermodel Kate Moss is 35th on the list. Others in the top 50 include Kim Kardashian (29), Miley Cyrus (39), Cheryl Fernandez-Versini (42), Kylie Minogue (47) and Lily Allen (50). Models fared less well than might have been expected with neither Cara or Kate making the top 20 . Actor Tom Hiddleston (l) took the top spot for men, followed by Robert Pattinson (c) and David Beckham (r) Glamour said of Jennifer Lawrence: 'It's not just what she wears, it's how she wears it. J-Law makes a Dior gown look as comfy as sweatpants, and wears the hell out of both.' Meanwhile,Thor star Tom Hiddleston was named best-dressed man, followed by fellow British actor Robert Pattinson, David Beckham, Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt were crowned best-dressed couple, followed by Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, Victoria and David Beckham and Beyonce and Jay-Z. Glamour's 12th Annual 50 Best-Dressed Women List, voted for by readers, appears in the November issue of Glamour magazine, on sale from Monday. 1) Jennifer Lawrence . 2) Lupita Nyong’o . 3) Kristen Stewart . 4) Emma Watson . 5) Blake Lively . 6) Angelina Jolie . 7) The Duchess of Cambridge . 8) Katy Perry . 9) Jennifer Aniston . 10) Emma Stone . 11) Lady Gaga . 12) Beyonce . 13) Jennifer Lopez . 14) Florence Welch . 15) Victoria Beckham . 16) Rihanna . 17) Lily Collins . 18) Taylor Swift . 19) Vanessa Hudgens . 20) Lea Michele . 21) Keira Knightley . 22) Olivia Palermo . 23) Alexa Chung . 24) Cara Delevingne . 25) Zooey Deschanel . 26) Lana Del Rey . 27) Selena Gomez . 28) Miranda Kerr . 29) Kim Kardashian . 30) Leighton Meester . 31) Jessica Alba . 32) Jessie J . 33) Reese Witherspoon . 34) Diane Kruger . 35) Kate Moss . 36) Mila Kunis . 37) Kerry Washington . 38) Rita Ora . 39) Miley Cyrus . 40) Sienna Miller . 41) Zoe Saldana . 42) Cheryl Fernandez-Versini . 43) Rosie Huntington-Whiteley . 44) Rachel Bilson . 45) Fearne Cotton . 46) Eva Longoria . 47) Kylie Minogue . 48) Lorde . 49) Jourdan Dunn . 50) Lily Allen .	Jennifer Lawrence is followed by Lupita Nyong’o and Kristin Stewart . Emma Watson is highest ranking British actress in fourth place . Models didn't fare well  with neither Cara nor Kate Moss making the top 20 . This is Glamour's 12th Annual 50 Best-Dressed Women List .
Swathes of Slovenia have been entombed in a four-inch thick layer of ice after Eastern Europe was hit by a freak blizzard. Pylons buckled under the extraordinary . weather conditions, leaving more than 35,000 households - up to 100,000 . people - without power. The damage is expected to reach . €66million. But authorities are not yet able to reach more remote parts . of the country which have been cut off as the transport network failed. Scroll down for video . Frozen: A traffic island and road signs are buried beneath four inches of ice after an historic blizzard hit eastern Europe . Blackout: Towns and villages across Slovenia suffered power cuts as the electric grid began to collapse in the face of the historic blizzard . Rain brought in on a warm weather front . collided with freezing air hanging over much of the country, causing the . water droplets to turn to rock hard ice the moment they landed. Anything which come into contact with the rain was soon covered in a thick layer of impenetrable ice. Extreme weather chaser Marko Korosec took photographs of damage wreaked by the terrifying natural phenomenon. Mr Korosec, 32, said cars, buildings, bridges, roads, trees, road signs and powerlines disappeared in the storm's icy aftermath. Deep freeze: Trees are snapped like matchsticks under the weight of ice which have covered much of Slovenia . Entombed: An impenetrable layer of ice has enveloped vegetation after a record-breaking blizzard swept across Slovenia and parts of Europe . Ice . storms strike in Slovenia every few years, but this one was 'extremely . unusual' and covered nearly the entire country, he said. Mr Korosec, from south west Slovenia, said: 'We've been hit by a record breaking and historic ice storm. 'It brought an extreme black ice accumulation, at some places there was more than 10cm of ice thickness. Frozen solid: A car lies encased in a thick layer of ice as temperatures plunge in parts of Slovenia . Subzero: Freak weather conditions meant rain turned almost instantly to ice as soon as it landed - encasing swathes of the Slovenian landscape in frost . 'It . was brought about by the valleys being in negative temperatures, while . the upper levels were experiencing warm and above zero temperatures. 'Very heavy rain was falling for several days and rapidly freezing on everything. 'Ice storms happen every few years across some areas in Slovenia, but this one covered almost the whole country. 'That's extremely unusual and especially with so much damage done. 'Nearly half of all forests in the country were badly damaged or destroyed - that's approximately 500,000 hectares of woods. 'Numerous electric poles and powerlines were brought down and more than 100,000 people went without power for several days. Cold snap: The freezing weather brought transport links to a halt as ice made travelling treacherous . 'Railways were badly damaged too and it will take several weeks before they are all fully operational again. 'Some areas are still experiencing deep ice cover but it is expected to melt over the next couple of days as warm temperatures and rain are expected.' Mr Korosec, who lives in south west Slovenia, took the shots in the towns of Postojna, Pivka and Razdrto. The worst hit areas were those between 500 and 800 metres above sea level, he said. He added: 'The ice was very thick and strong, so much so that one could actually climb on it. 'It covered everything from cars, buildings, bridges, roads, trees, road signs to powerlines. 'I know it will take some days before it's all completely melted.' Clashing weather: A combination of a warm wet front meeting an unusually cold climate caused the rare ice storm to cover the landscape in stunning icicles . Treacherous: This steep descent, left, is made . almost impassible by the ice storm which caused pylons, right, to buckle . in the freak subzero temperatures . Mr Korosec, who works as a supervisor on motorway road weather information systems, said his home was on the edge of the disaster. The damage to Slovenia's infrastructure caused by heavy ice in the past week will cost at least €66 million ($89 million), although extensive forest devastation could push the sum much higher, government ministers said yesterday. Infrastructure Minister Samo Omerzel said damage to electricity powerlines was estimated at around €27million, plus another €10 million for the power distribution system. 'The damage is extraordinary because of broken (power) cables, fallen trees. Today we still have 35,000 households without electricity,' Omerzel told reporters after a cabinet session. Damage to the state railway was put at €20 million, while the repair of roads could cost at least €9 million, he said. Brittle: The record-breaking blizzard covered hundreds of miles of road in a thick coating of ice . Isolated: Government agencies have not yet been able to assess the true scale of the damage caused by the blizzard because swathes of the countryside are still cut off . The devastation, which will take months to repair, occurred mostly in west Slovenia where a freak ice storm coated parked cars, petrol stations, street signs and houses and brought down electricity lines and trees. The extreme weather comes at a bad time for the tiny EU member country, which is already going through the worst economic crisis in its two decades as an independent state, Slovenia narrowly avoided an EU/IMF bailout last year. Farming Minister Dejan Zidan said damage to forests, which cover almost 60 per cent of Slovenia, was staggering but could not be estimated just yet. 'We cannot remember ever having had this kind of damage,' he said. A detailed assessment would be possible only after more than 6,000 kilometres (3,750 miles) of backroads, clogged with snow, ice and fallen trees, are cleared. Zidan said Slovenia would soon start talks on 'favourable, long-term loans' with the European Investment Bank and the Council of Europe Development Bank. Local media reported that the government may also apply for funds from the EU's solidarity fund, set up for major natural disasters in member states.	Ice storm has caused €66million damage to Slovenian infrastructure . 35,000 households left without electricity as pylons buckle in the freeze . 500,000 hectares of forest are thought to have been severely damaged . Towns and villages cut off as roads and train lines become impassable .
By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 09:37 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:23 EST, 7 October 2013 . Death: Jacqueline Allwood died from a blood clot last year, but was misdiagnosed with a calf sprain . A woman suffering from deep vein thrombosis was told to take ibuprofen and ‘wear comfortable shoes’ when a doctor misdiagnosed her condition as a sprain, an inquest heard today. A coroner condemned Dr Saurabh Adlakha for neglect after he failed to ask about her family history or refer her to Accident & Emergency. Jacqueline Allwood, 47 - who died ten days later  - had gone to the Beckenham Beacon Urgent Care Centre in south-east London fearing a sore right calf might have indicated DVT. A receptionist referred the mother - who had been ‘limping around’ and had a family history of DVT - to the adjoining Cator Medical Centre, which deals with minor conditions, to see a GP. A second receptionist then warned Ms Allwood she faced a two-hour wait, so could either ‘go away or wait to see a doctor’. She decided to wait and eventually saw a doctor. Dr Adlakha, who examined her, ruled out DVT in favour of a sprain he said she probably suffered while packing up her Christmas tree days earlier, Southwark Coroner’s Court heard. He sent her home and told her to rest, take ibuprofen, apply ice and wear comfortable shoes. She died ten days later, with a post-mortem examination indicating a blood clot in her calf had travelled to her lung. Coroner Dr Andrew Harris said Dr Adlakha should be referred to the General . Medical Council to see if there was any training he could be given to prevent a similar event happening again. Referral: Ms Allwood went to the Beckenham Beacon Urgent Care Centre (pictured) in south-east London fearing a sore right calf might have indicated DVT . Medical . expert Dr Patrick Harborow told the court in Central London that the . misdiagnosis could have been representative of a system-wide failure of . the time pressures facing GPs. ‘I . do feel that general practitioners are working under very serious time . pressures,’ he said. ‘My concern is... the time pressures may lead to . inadequate consultations.’ He said Dr Adlakha committed ‘very serious failures’ by not considering Ms Allwood’s family history or conducting proper tests. He recommended Dr Adlakha be referred to the General Medical Council. But Dr Adlakha denied he was rushed and insisted he had determined the pain was the result of a sprain because he could see no swelling or other symptoms of DVT. However, he conceded he should have asked more about Ms Allwood’s family history and his threshold for referring patients for further tests had lowered since the incident. Dr Adlakha told the court he would conduct more thorough tests in the future because ‘I don’t want to be here again’. He said: ‘It is only the registration details we see, so we go ahead and take a medical history. Ms Allwood had been in pain for four days - it was not a recent trauma with no swelling in leg. ‘She had pain but I don’t remember her limping. I can’t remember if I asked her about her family history. I didn’t assess whether any of the risk factors for DVT applied. ‘I asked why she was here and she said she had pain in her right calf. I asked her to expose it and she said she was worried about DVT. ‘I asked if there was anything she could think of that would give this pain and she said she had been in the loft lifting decorations and I said maybe she had just sprained her calf. ‘I told her to take ibuprofen and wear comfortable shoes and gave her some exercises. ‘It does matter if a diagnosis of a clot . is missed because it could breakaway and go to the lungs or brain, and . there are treatments to prevent that.’ Inquest: Dr Saurabh Adlakha told Southwark Coroner's Court (file picture) in Central London he would conduct more thorough tests in the future because 'I don't want to be here again' Ms Allwood’s daughter Tanya Allwood said Dr Adlahka knew the family’s history of DVT because she made a point of mentioning it in his office. She told the inquest: ‘We were seen by a doctor at about 5.35am and I went in with her because she had trouble walking and was leaning on me for support. ‘Mum rolled up her trouser leg and explained she felt her leg was swollen and had trouble walking. ‘The doctor asked her to roll up her . other trouser leg and said we can rule out a DVT, as the leg would have . to be severely swollen to indicate that. ‘We both said we were relieved it wasn’t DVT because it runs in our family, and the doctor said it was simply a sprain.’ She said she then told the doctor: “Oh, that is really good it’s not a DVT - we thought it was because it runs in the family”. She . added: ‘My nan suffered with DVT and my aunt has had blood clots. He . asked if there was anything mum could have done and I said about her . getting decorations out of the loft on a ladder. 'We both said we were relieved it wasn’t DVT because it runs in our family, and the doctor said it was simply a sprain' Tanya Allwood, daughter . ‘The doctor gave her seven to ten days recovery period, gave her ibuprofen, told her about some exercises she could do and advised her to use an ice pack. He looked at her legs for a matter of seconds.’ Recording a narrative verdict, the coroner said: ‘I find it improbable to . believe that the family wouldn't have mentioned their history to the . doctor so conclude the referral to DVT was made. ‘Dr . Harborow said he should have referred to the history. The consequences . of missing this are in this case catastrophic. I record a narrative . verdict. With respect to the history taken and non-referral to A&E, I . find Dr Adlakha in neglect. ‘He . was not the most credible witness and appeared confused. I am going to . refer this to the GMC. There are uncertainties about what has happened . and why it happened.' After the verdict, sisters Tanya and Leanne Allwood said in a statement: ‘We are very pleased with the coroner's verdict. He was very thorough and he gave us a conclusion that confirmed everything that we thought and were suspicious of. ‘In a sense this is closure because we feel justified because sometimes things happen and someone is looking at it the same way as us and agrees with that. ‘I just want Dr Adlakha to look at the things he did and do it differently. We don't need him to be punished but retrained again. We never want to see another family go through that. We're just glad we got the verdict and will see what happens next.’ The two girls also paid tribute to their ‘sincere’ mum, who used to be an accounts manager: ‘She was funny, loveable and trustworthy - one of the most sincere and nicest people you could meet.’	Jacqueline Allwood went to Beckenham Beacon Urgent Care Centre . 47-year-old feared fearing a sore right calf might have indicated DVT . Receptionist referred her to adjoining Cator Medical Centre to see GP . Dr Saurabh Adlakha diagnosed sprain from packing up Christmas tree .
By . Mike Jaccarino . PUBLISHED: . 20:32 EST, 20 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 08:48 EST, 21 August 2012 . Good Morning America is once again the No. 1 morning show in the land. The broadcast's bitter rival, NBC's Today show, had notched an edge over GMA during the Olympics, but that advantage seemingly evaporated with the games' end. GMA trounced Today last week, or the week after the Olympics concluded, by an average margin of 162,000 daily viewers, Nielson Co. announced Monday. It must be the hair: The George Stephanopoulus-lead Good Morning America beat  Matt-Lauer's Today show last week by 150,000-plus average daily viewers . Today dominated during the Olympics with 1.5 million more total weekly viewers than GMA. Last week, however, GMA beat its rival every day but Monday. The route hit its peak on Wednesday, or Aug. 15, when ABC's GMA notched a heady 517,000 more viewers than the Today show, Nielson Co. said. Last week's figures represented a return to normalcy in the morning show wars. GMA had beaten Today each of the five weeks prior to the Olympics' start. Last week started well for Today, as the show saw a continuation of its Olympics boost.  It notched 4.54 million viewers on Monday, Aug. 13, or 338,000 more than GMA. The show pulled out all the stops, organizing a series of concerts and visits by Olympians to keep up the momentum. But GMA won the next four days even without co-host Robin Roberts, who returned this week from a medical hiatus, partly brought on by her medical condition. NBC was counting on the Olympics to provide a launching pad for its new anchor team of Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie, the latter pictured here . Roberts has MDS, a blood and bone marrow disease. She is expected to be off for an extended period this fall after undergoing a bone marrow transplant. Today's ratings edge during Olympics, perhaps, consisted of viewers who are not morning show regulars and retreated to their old habits after the games ended, Nielson said. NBC was counting on the Olympics to provide a launching pad for its new anchor team of Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie, according to Nielson. The Today show beat GMA on Aug. 13, but GMA won the next four days even without co-host Robin Roberts, who returned this week from a medical hiatus .	GMA won ratings war 5 weeks prior to Olympics . Today beat its rival by 1.5 million viewers each week during the games . GMA notched 162,000 more viewers daily, on average, than Today last week, or week after the games' end . Tens of millions at stake in ad revenue for two shows .
Off-colour Kevin Pietersen was bowled for a golden duck in Melbourne Stars' three-wicket win at home to Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash. Pietersen has been in prolific form for much of the competition, hitting three half-centuries, and has continued to make it clear he still harbours ambitions of an England return. Those hopes are not shared by his former employers, however, and the South Africa-born batsman - controversially sacked by the England and Wales Cricket Board 11 months ago - missed his latest chance to demonstrate his renewed form before the World Cup. Kevin Pietersen was bowled out for a golden duck by Yasir Arafat in the Big Bash in Australia . Arafat (second right) is mobbed by his team-mates after removing the threat of Pietersen with his first ball . Pietersen walks off the pitch but has a chance to avenge the dismissal with Melbourne Stars in the semi-final . The global tournament will begin on February 14, when England face Australia in Melbourne, and Eoin Morgan's squad are already Down Under for the tri-series against the World Cup co-hosts and India. Pietersen took his place in the Stars side for their last match before the Big Bash knockout stages, despite a heavy cold, only to aim a big hit and miss his first ball from Yasir Arafat (four for 27) to put the Pakistani seamer on a hat-trick as the Scorchers tried to defend a total of 179 for two. It therefore fell to others - chiefly Peter Handscomb (103 not out) with a brilliant 64-ball century, and some late hitting too from John Hastings - to complete the run-chase with three balls to spare. The Stars' reward for their victory is a home semi-final.	Kevin Pietersen has been in formidable form in the Big Bash in Australia . But he was dismissed first ball by Yasir Arafat of Perth Scorchers . Pietersen's Melbourne Stars won by three wickets to reach the semi-final .
By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 22:17 EST, 29 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:23 EST, 30 November 2012 . It's a time of year that sees millions of families get together to celebrate and exchange gifts - but relatives of Armed Forces personnel serving their country abroad will not get to pass on those presents in person. Those families can still let their brother, sister, son or daughter know that they are thinking about them by sending a Christmas parcel to the front line. And for personnel at the Army's transport hub at RAF Brize Norton, in Oxfordshire, the hard work of playing Santa and making sure tonnes of festive treats reach Afghanistan in time has already begun. Inundated: Troops at Camp Bastion, Afghanistan, unload bags of Christmas mail from the UK . Festive: A transport hub at RAF Brize Norton, in Oxfordshire, has already dispatched 10,500 sacks of Christmas mail to Afghanistan this week . This week more than 10,500 bags of mail and gifts were dispatched and will arrive with serving soldiers before Christmas Day. Lieutenant Colonel Brett Duxbury, of the British Forces Post Office (BFPO), said: 'As with every year, the Christmas post period is by far our busiest. 'Just this week we dispatched more than 10,500 bags of mail to operational theatres, which will arrive in time for Christmas Day. 'We do not underestimate the impact that mail from friends and family can have on morale and it is for that reason we make it our priority each year to ensure it arrives on time.' The military's premier transport hub at RAF Brize Norton at Carterton in Oxfordshire is gearing up for its busiest time of the year. Gifts: Christmas mail ready for delivery to Afghanistan is pile high in a hangar at RAF Brize Norton . Hundreds of service personnel are working hard to ensure that this mail is delivered alongside other vital supplies such as helicopters, armoured vehicles and life-saving equipment. Logistician Corporal Daniel Smith, of 1 Air Mobility Wing, said: 'In the last two days more than 23 tonnes of mail has arrived at Brize Norton from BFPO, which has been loaded onto aircraft and is now en route to various operational theatres including Afghanistan. 'It's a challenging but important task ensuring it is all dispatched quickly. 'Having served in Afghanistan at Christmas last year, I understand how much value our boys and girls place on receiving post from people closest to them.' This year, Army bosses have urged well-wishers . to stop sending Christmas gifts to soldiers in Afghanistan - because they . are stopping packages from military families from getting through. A torrent of gifts are sent to . soldiers serving abroad each year, and while senior Army officials say . that the gifts are greatly appreciated, they are clogging up postal . system stopping letters from soldiers' loved ones getting through. Instead, well-wishers have been asked to make a donation to a service charity this year. Not only can the gifts delay . morale-boosting parcels from loved ones, but the onward delivery of . parcels to forward operating bases requires extra re-supply flights and . convoys, which can place troops at risk from attack. Mark Francois, Minister of State for Defence Personnel, Welfare and Veterans, added: 'This Government is dedicated to the care and welfare of the men and women of our Armed Forces, particularly those deployed on operations. Heavy work: Postal Non-Commissioned Officer (NCO) for Lashkah Gar, Lance Corporal Jagprasad Jugjali, 30 from Nepal gets hands on a fresh batch of mail at Camp Bastion, Afghanistan . 'This is reflected in the Deployed Welfare Package, a key part of which is the safe and timely delivery of free personal mail from family and friends. 'In the past this mechanism has been used by the general public to show their support and resulted in huge volumes of unsolicited goodwill parcels being sent, which have overwhelmed the in-theatre postal and logistics capability. 'Whilst unsolicited mail is well-intentioned, mail sent by families and friends is the most important to be deployed personnel and is our absolute priority. 'Moreover, unsolicited mail strains the logistics supply and prevents mail from families getting through. 'For this reason the Ministry of Defence will be repeating its unsolicited mail campaign. 'Rather than sending their own letter or parcel, I would encourage people to make a donation to one of Britain's excellent service charities. 'They might also consider 'uk4u Thanks!' - a charity that provides Christmas gifts to deployed service personnel. 'Once again I would like to say thank you to the British public, on behalf of the MoD and Armed Forces, for their incredible support of our serving personnel.' uk4u Thanks! will for the ninth year deliver a Christmas box of practical gifts and treats to every soldier, sailor and airman deployed overseas - in Afghanistan and elsewhere - in time for Christmas Day. Its parcels are delivered via the supply chain, meaning there is no impact on the mail network.	More than 10,500 bags of mail and gifts have been dispatched to Afghanistan this week . A Forces transport hub at RAF Brize Norton, in Oxfordshire, is gearing up for its busiest time of the year . But unsolicited Christmas gifts delay morale-boosting letters and parcels from soldiers' loved ones from reaching the front line . Army officials say that, while the gifts are appreciated, a donation to a service charity would be preferred this year .
New emails released Saturday in the Sony hack find Amy Pascal and another high-ranking executive inside the company blasting some major Hollywood players. Pascal and producer Mark Gordon trash Leonardo DiCaprio after the actor decided not to star in their Steve Jobs biopic Jobs in one email,  while another executive, Tom Rothman, blasts Jaden and Willow Smith for an interview the youngsters did with the New York Times. In the exchange Pascal is sent a link by Tom Rothman, an executive at Tri-Star Productions, to a piece in which the Smith children claim they can control time and discuss 'Prana energy'. Scroll down for video . Attacking kids: Another executive trashed Jaden and Willow Smith (above) in an email to Pascal after a New York Times interview the two did . The two add that they find nothing of worth in all the music and fiction produced by other people, so write their own albums and novels for entertainment. Poking fun at the surreal article, Rothman emails Pascal saying:  '1. Read this. 2. they r home schooled: don’t let this family date your movies!!!' In on portion of the piece, Jaden Smith, then 16, said: 'Honestly, we’re just trying to make music that we think is cool. We don’t think a lot of the music out there is that cool. So we make our own music. 'We don’t have any song that we like to listen to on the P.C.H. by any other artist, you know?' Willow adds: 'That’s what I do with novels. There’re no novels that I like to read so I write my own novels, and then I read them again, and it’s the best thing.' Rothman's comments came despite the fact that Jaden Smith has starred in three Sony blockbuster films : The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Karate Kid and After Earth. There is a little bit of a silver lining to the new leak though, as one exchange reveals that one of the hottest, and handsomest, actors in Hollywood is a big fan of Pascal - Ryan Gosling. Trashed: Amy Pascal labeled Leonardo DiCaprio (above) 'despicable' after he dropped out of the studio's Steve Jobs biopic . These new email exchanges were released by The Daily Beast, and all involve Pascal. Like many of the emails, the first exchange deal with the frequently problematic Jobs picture the studio is working on, and the moment DiCaprio decided to pull out of the film. Pascal tells the film's producer, Gordon, that the actor just changed his mind about doing the picture, to which Gordon responds 'Horrible behavior.' Pascal takes it a step further however, writing back 'Actually despicable.' Former friends: Tom Rothman (left) was the executive who mocked Jaden Smith, who he posed with at the The Day the Earth Stood Still premiere . Fun friend: The emails also revealed that Ryan Gosling (above) is a big fan of Pascal . Making it all a little better though are the gushing emails about Gosling's affection for Pascal. Gosling's talent manager, Ilene Feldman, writes to Pascal after she met with her client: 'Ryan absolutely loved you. Said it was like speed dating because he was late after hitting every wrong gate on the lot.' She then adds: 'Not it should turn to marriage. He really wants to do something with you.' What's more it seems that the movie Gosling is interested in doing is the Ghostbusters remake at the studio. Hannah Minghella, the co-president of production at Columbia, writes in an email to Pascal after learning this: 'There is one make [male] part paul is planning. How insane would that be… He also wants jennifer [Lawrence] and Emma [Stone].' Very insane indeed.	In new emails released from the hacking of Sony, Amy Pascal calls Leonardo DiCaprio  'despicable' after he passes on her Steve Jobs film . Another email finds Tristar executive Tom Rothman blasting Willow and Jaden Smith after an interview they gave to the New York Times . There is also a positive exchange between Ryan Gosling's manager and Pascal, saying the actor loves the studio head . It is also revealed that Gosling may do the Ghostbusters remake with Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence .
(CNN)  -- South Africa's embattled police commissioner resigned Sunday as president of Interpol, a day after he took an extended leave of absence from his police duties, the international crime-fighting agency said in a statement. South Africa police commissioner Jackie Selebi, facing charges of corruption, has stepped down as boss of Interpol. Interpol's Secretary-General Ronald Noble received a resignation letter on Sunday from Jackie Selebi, who is facing charges of corruption related to his role as police commissioner, the agency said. The charges are not related to his leadership role in Interpol. In the letter, Selebi said he was resigning because he did not wish the allegations against him "to bring the good work of this august body into disrepute." "Based on my experience of working with Mr. Selebi in his capacity as delegate, vice president and ultimately president of the organization, he has always conducted himself and acted in a way to enhance global security and police co-operation worldwide," Noble said in a statement. As to the charges Selebi faces, Noble said: "Any such allegations should be prosecuted thoroughly, and the proper manner is for charges to be brought promptly before a court of law and not through media leaks and speculation." On Saturday, South African President Thabo Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria, South Africa, that Selebi had been given an "extended leave of absence" from his police duties, but that he was not being sacked. Mbeki said Selebi supported the decision -- taken midnight Friday and effective immediately -- to temporarily step down and that an acting commissioner had already been appointed to take his place. The National Prosecuting Authority said it will charge the police chief with "corruption and defeating the administration of justice," Tladi Tladi, a spokesman for the agency told CNN. According to widespread media reports, the upcoming charges hinge on Selebi's dealings with Glen Agliotti, a convicted drug smuggler. The suspended police chief is alleged to have accepted at least 1.2 million Rand ($177,000) from Agliotti over a 5-year period, the South African daily Cape Argus reported. In return Selebi allegedly handed over confidential intelligence reports from the British authorities relating to Agliotti's suspected drug-trafficking activities, according to the newspaper. Tladi said the corruption charges were linked to Agliotti "to a certain extent." Agliotti recently received a 10-year suspended prison sentence in a drug case after entering into a plea bargain. He is also accused of involvement in the 2005 killing of mining magnate Brett Kebble, according to South African media reports. A court on Friday rejected an application to halt the prosecution by Selebi, who has been under investigation for around two years. Mbeki denied that he had been too slow in dealing with the fallout from the charges. "I have said many times that if there was anyone who came to me with information indicating that the national commissioner had behaved improperly then I would act on such information. No one has come to me with such information," Mbeki said. E-mail to a friend .	Jackie Selebi, South African police chief, takes leave as faces corruption charges . Also steps down as head of Interpol, although charges are not related to that position . Charged with taking money from a convicted drug smuggler over a 5-year period . South African President Thabo Mbeki denies he has been slow in dealing with affair .
The children who escaped last month's massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut are returning to classes on Thursday at a refurbished school renamed after their old one, school officials said Wednesday. Newtown Superintendent of Schools Janet Robinson announced that the students' new school, the former Chalk Hill Middle School in Monroe, has been renamed after a decision was taken by staff from the previous Sandy Hook school. ‘That's who they are. They're the Sandy Hook family,’ Robinson said after a news conference at a park in Monroe a few miles from the school, which opens for classes on Thursday morning. An open house was held for parents and students on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Keeping them close: A woman hugs a young boy, who had attended Sandy Hook school, before he boards a bus to a newly set-up school in neighboring Monroe, Connecticut . School superintendent Janet Robinson said the decision to re-name the new school as Sandy Hook Elementary School was taken by the teachers from the previous school . Robinson added that renaming the Chalk Hill school will allow staff and students to keep ‘their identity and a comfort level.’ The school where the shootings occurred remains closed and guarded by police. Newtown officials haven't decided yet on the building's future. It's been nearly three weeks since the Dec. 14 massacre, when gunman Adam Lanza killed 20 students and six educators. Lanza also killed his mother at the home they shared in Newtown before the school shootings, which ended when Lanza fatally shot himself as police arrived. Police haven't released any details about a motive. One parent took the opportunity during Wednesday's open house to thank a teacher for helping protect his son. Vinny Alvarez said the teacher, Courtney Martin, locked her classroom door and kept the children in a corner until it was safe to leave the building. Numerous police officers on Wednesday guarded the outside of the Monroe school, which is about seven miles from the old school. Asked about the level of security at the new school, Monroe police Lt. Keith White said, ‘I think right now it has to be the safest school in America.’ Anxious: Parents wave goodbye as they see their children on to the bus for school for the first time since the shooting on December 14 in Newtown . Sensitive: Sandy Hook students were invited to attend Chalk Hill middle school Wednesday ahead of classes on Thursday. The building has been re-purposed for them as they return to school for the first time since last month's shooting . Robinson said Chalk Hill School has been transformed into a ‘cheerful’ place for the surviving students to resume normal school routines. She said mental health counselors continue to be available for anyone who needs them. ‘They're so excited to see the teachers,’ Robinson said about the open house attendees. Several signs welcoming the Sandy Hook students to their new school were posted along the road leading to the school in a rural, mostly residential neighborhood. One said ‘Welcome Sandy Hook Elementary Kids,’ while a similar sign added ‘You are in our prayers.’ Teams of workers, many of them volunteers, prepared the Chalk Hill school with fresh paint and new furniture and even raised bathroom floors so the smaller elementary school students can reach the toilets. The students' desks, backpacks and other belongings that were left behind following the shooting were taken to the new school to make them feel at home. Support: A sign is seen along the route to the Chalk Hill School where the Sandy Hook Elementary School children will attend classes in Monroe, Connecticut . Early days: Teachers and volunteers have worked to remodel the middle school to appear as close as possible to Sandy Hook in order to reassure the children . Counselors say it's important for children to get back to a normal routine and for teachers and parents to offer sensitive reassurances. When classes start, Robinson said teachers will try to make it as normal a school day as possible for the children. ‘We want to get back to teaching and learning,’ she said. ‘We will obviously take time out from the academics for any conversations that need to take place, and there will be a lot of support there. All in all, we want the kids to reconnect with their friends and classroom teachers, and I think that's going to be the healthiest thing.’ Acting Sandy Hook principal Donna Page wrote on the school's website: 'Be assured that the towns of Monroe and Newtown are working night and day to ensure the facility is safe, secure and fully operational for our return.' Watchful: Children are seen on a school bus driving toward Chalk Hill School as they return to class for the first time since the December 14 tragedy . In remembrance: A green and white ribbon, the colors of Sandy Hook Elementary School, is seen attached to a bus on the first day that students returned . Friendly town: A sign is seen along the route to the Chalk Hill School in Monroe which has been turned over to Sandy Hook survivors . Familiarity: Classes will resume at a re-purposed school in the neighboring town of Monroe, where measures have been put in place to make as many things as possible familiar to the children . Memorial: Local volunteers installed 26 stars on the roof of the Newtown fire house on January 1st in honor of the victims of the shooting . Ms Page took on the role after the elementary school's principal Dawn Hochsprung was killed in the attack. She added that parents who wanted to come with their children to the first day of classes on Thursday would be made welcome. Sandy Hook school in Newtown remains closed and has no date scheduled for reopening. It remains a crime scene following the December massacre. Father David Connors said his eight-year-old triplets have suffered nightmares, jumped at noises and clung to their parents since they escaped the shooting. Mr Connors said: 'I'm nervous about it. It's unchartered waters for us. I know it's going to be difficult.' Connors, a 40-year-old engineer, said he felt reassured after recently visiting the new setup. He said his children were excited to see their backpacks and coats, and that the family was greeted by a police officer at the door and grief counselors in the hallways. Never forget: One of the many memorials for the 20 Sandy Hook students killed in Newtown on December 14 along with six teaching staff . Devastation: Sandy Hook Elementary School, home . to 700 students, was attacked by a crazed gunman on Friday, December 14, . and changed the course of history . Teachers will try to make it as normal a school day as possible for the children, schools Superintendent Robinson said. 'We want to get back to teaching and learning,' she said. 'We will obviously take time out from the academics for any conversations that need to take place, and there will be a lot of support there. All in all, we want the kids to reconnect with their friends and classroom teachers, and I think that's going to be the healthiest thing.' Teachers are returning as well, and . some have already been working on their classrooms. At some point, all . those will be honored, but officials are still working out how and when . to do so, Robinson said. 'Everyone was part and parcel of getting as many kids out of there safely as they could,' she said. 'Almost everybody did something to . save kids. One art teacher locked her kids in the kiln room, and I got a . message from her on my cellphone saying she wouldn't come out until she . saw a police badge.' After the evacuation, teachers . grouped their children at a nearby fire station, Robinson said. One sang . songs, while others read to the students, she said. Julian Ford, a clinical psychologist . at the University of Connecticut who helped counsel families in the days . immediately following the shooting, recommended addressing it as . questions come up but otherwise focusing on regular school work. Back to class: Superintendent Janet Robinson said they will try to make everything as normal as possible for the children and welcome them to the new school . Fear: Parents are apprehensive about their children returning to school following the Sandy Hook shooting . Victims: . Top row- (L-R) Ana Marquez-Greene, Caroline Previdi, Jessica Rekos, . Emilie Parker, Noah Pozner. Second row: (L-R) Jesse Lewis, Olivia Engel, . Josephine Gay, Charlotte Bacon, Chase Kowalski. Third row: (L-R) Daniel . Barden, Jack Pinto, Catherine Hubbard, Dylan Hockley, Benjamin Wheeler. Fourth row: (L-R) Grace McDonnell, James Mattioli, Avielle Richman, . Rachel Davino, Anne Marie Murphy. Fifth row: (L-R) Lauren Rousseau, Mary . Sherlach, Victoria Soto, Dawn Hochsprung, Nancy Lanza . 'Kids just spontaneously make associations and will start talking about something that reminds them of someone, or that reminds them of some of the scary parts of the experience,' Ford said. 'They don't need a lot of words; they need a few selective words that are thoughtful and sensitive, like, ''We're going to be OK,'' and ''We really miss this person, but we'll always be able to think about her or him in ways that are really nice.''' It will be important for parents and teachers to listen and be observant, Ford said. 'Each of the boys and girls are going to have different reactions to different aspects of the environment, different little things that will be reminders to them,' he said. Parents might have a harder time with fear than children, Ford said. Before the shooting, a babysitter would take Mr Connors' children to the bus stop. But Connors said he'll probably take the third-graders to the bus the first few days. 'I think that they need to get back into a normal routine as quickly as possible,' Connors said. 'If you're hovering over them at all times, it almost intensifies the fear for them.'	Chalk Hill middle school in Monroe altered for elementary school pupils . Children have not attended school since a . gunman killed 20 classmates and six adults in a December 14 . rampage in Newtown, Connecticut .
Chau Van didn't have a criminal record yet ended up being branded a fugitive . Friend alerted Mr Van to his being sought by police after picture featured on local TV news . Mr Van tried to clear his name but was arrested and locked up for 3 days . Lawsuit now filed against police, city and state officials . By . James Daniel . PUBLISHED: . 08:53 EST, 17 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:29 EST, 17 March 2013 . It's the one list you hope to never to end up on, but for a California man just getting taking off was an ordeal in itself. Chau Van, 37, claims he was wrongly put on the Oakland Police Department's "Most Wanted" list for six months in 2012. He described the experience as 'an egregious and scandalous error'. Most wanted: Chau Van, 37, was only alerted to the fact he was on Oakland's 'most wanted' list after a friend saw a news report stating he was wanted for his part in a gangland shooting . Mr Van's photo and name were placed on a list of the city's four most wanted suspects by Police Chief Howard Jordan during a news conference about gang violence in February 2012. A report on the local evening news stated that he was a gang member who was wanted in connection with the shooting and was one of Oakland's most wanted criminals. He only learned of the error when a friend called him up to tell him about his new unwarranted title. Mr Van went along to a police station to tell them about the error and to clear his name but instead he was searched, arrested and locked up for three days before he was released . Getting the word out: Police Chief Howard Jordan announced Chau Van's name during a news conference about gang violence in February 2012 . Which is it? Initially Mr Van was wanted in connection with a shooting, then police wanted to speak with him over a charge of assault with a deadly weapon . Filed: The claims in the suit include violation of the constitutional right to be free of unreasonable searches and seizures, defamation, false arrest and imprisonment, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and negligence . A few days later the police . announced that Mr Van - one of Oakland's most wanted felons -  was now . off the streets and had surrendered because of media pressure. This time cops announced the fugitive had been wanted for assault with a deadly weapon instead of a shooting. Mr Van was never charged and he assumed that as a matter of course his name would be removed from the list. It did not happen until he sent the police department a letter stating his demands six months later. Mr Van is now suing the city and the . Chief of Police. His lawsuit states that as 'a law-abiding citizen with . no history of violence' his reputation was 'irreparably harmed'. DeWitt . Lacy, Mr Van's lawyer, said in order to restore Mr Van's reputation . there would bee to be public acknowledgement of the alleged error along . with the removal of Mr Van's name from the federal and state 'most . wanted' lists. The lawsuit also aims to obtain some financial compensation to make up for lost employment and emotional trauma. Speaking . to KTVU Mr Lacy said :'It put a great amount of fear on him and his . family. He was wounded and he needs to be made whole.' Lawsuit: Chau Van, left, and his attorney, DeWitt Lacy, have now filed a lawsuit against the city and state officials. He is also seeking financial compensation . Stopping by: Chau Van went to speak to officers from Oakland Police department to clear his name. He ended up being arrested and locked in a cell for three days . Mr Van said that he has had to move house three times since his photo was made public and he is unable to find a job as a web designer or real estate agent. Lawyers from the City of Oakland and the police department have not commented on Mr Van's claims.	Chau Van didn't have a criminal record yet ended up being branded a fugitive . Friend alerted Mr Van to his being sought by police after picture featured on local TV news . Mr Van tried to clear his name but was arrested and locked up for 3 days . Lawsuit now filed against police, city and state officials .
By . James Salmon and Hugo Duncan . PUBLISHED: . 13:53 EST, 29 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:35 EST, 30 August 2012 . The reputation of the City of London was dealt another blow last night after a probe was launched into the deal which kept Barclays afloat at the peak of the financial crisis. The beleaguered bank – which is still without a chief executive following the exit of disgraced boss Bob Diamond – revealed that the Serious Fraud Office is investigating a cash injection by Qatar. It follows a summer of shame for Britain’s leading banks including Barclays, HSBC, Standard Chartered and taxpayer-backed Royal Bank of Scotland. Scrutinised: Funds raised by Barclays in 2008 in order to save the bank is now under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office . Barclays is one of a number of global banks under investigation over the rigging of the crucial Libor interest rate which sets borrowing costs around the world. The rate fixing scandal led to resignation of former chief executive Bob Diamond, chairman Marcus Agius and chief operating officer Jerry del Missier. It also cost the bank £290m in fines and it faces lawsuits from investors across the globe which could run into the billions. Barclays is now under fire over a contentious fundraising in 2008 when the bank secured £4.5bn from the Qatar. Later that year, it raised another £7.1bn from Qatar, Abu Dhabi and other shareholders. Troubled times: The investigation is another hard blow to London's financial centre in the City of London . At the time, it was feared that Barclays would be the next bank to fall following the government rescues of Northern Rock, RBS and Lloyds Banking Group, owner of crippled HBOS. ‘Barclays confirms that the Serious Fraud Office has commenced an investigation into payments under certain commercial agreements between Barclays and Qatar Holding,’ the bank said in a statement last night. No leader: Barclays has yet to replace Bob Diamond as chief executive . The SFO is understood to be looking at whether disclosure of payments to advisers was sufficient when it raised the money. It is yet another blow to London as a pre-eminent financial centre as American regulators pore over reports into HSBC over money laundering in the Middle East and Mexico. Standard Chartered, having settled to the tune of £217m with regulators in New York over money laundering in Iran, still faces investigations by other American authorities. Royal Bank of Scotland, like Barclays, is also in the firing line over its involvement in the Libor-fixing scandal which is thought to involve more than a dozen global banks. Britsih bankers have sought to portray the clampdown by American regulators as a form of financial protectionism. However, the disclosure the Barclays is under investigation in the UK for its fund raising activities shows that there are serious concerns about the culture of British banks on both sides of Atlantic. Boss: Antony Jenkins, who has been on the executive committee since 2009, will be paid £1.1 million a year in the role . Under-fire banking giant Barclays today named its retail and business banking boss Antony Jenkins as chief executive. Mr Jenkins takes on the post with immediate effect and succeeds former chief executive Bob Diamond, who quit in the wake of its interbank rate rigging scandal. Mr Jenkins, who has been on the executive committee since 2009, will be paid £1.1 million a year in the role, with a package including potential annual bonuses of up to 250 per cent of salary and long term incentive shares worth a possible £4.4 million each year. He will be joined at the top in November by incoming chairman Sir David Walker, who takes over from Marcus Agius, who announced his intention to resign after the Libor rigging furore. Their appointments end a period of uncertainty over the group's leadership at a crucial time for the bank. Oxford University graduate Mr Jenkins, who started his career at the bank before moving to Citi in 1989, said he would seek to repair the bank's tarnished image as a top priority. He said: 'We have made serious mistakes in recent years and clearly failed to keep pace with our stakeholders' expectations.' The bank has been searching for a new chief executive since Mr Diamond resigned in early July amid the furore following its £290 million settlement with UK and US authorities for attempting to manipulate the Libor rate at the height of the financial crisis.	Barclays secured £4.5bn from Qatar in 2008 . Another £7.1bn was raised from Qatar, Abu Dhabi and others later that year .
By . Lydia Warren . PUBLISHED: . 12:52 EST, 26 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:44 EST, 26 June 2013 . Hong Kong officials have claimed their hands were tied over Edward Snowden because the U.S. government used a wrong middle name for the NSA whistleblower on extradition papers. Provisional arrest warrant documents listed his middle name as James, whereas it is Joseph. In other papers, he was just called Edward J. Snowden, Hong Kong's Secretary of Justice Rimsky Yuen said. When Hong Kong asked the U.S. for clarification on Friday, they failed to respond in time for officials to stop Snowden's flight to Russia on Sunday. Scroll down for video . Mix up: Hong Kong officials have said they were unable to help the U.S. with NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden as extradition papers listed his middle name as 'James' rather than 'Joseph' 'Until the minute of Snowden's departure, . the U.S. government hadn't yet replied to our requests for . clarification,' Yuen told the Wall Street Journal. 'Hong Kong's government had no legal basis to block his departure.' The embarrassment for the U.S. comes as Ecuador revealed it could take months to decide whether to grant asylum to Snowden. He is currently in a transit area of a Moscow airport but it is believed he is hopeful Ecuador will protect him. Ecuadorean Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino compared Snowden's case to that of Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, who has been given asylum in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London. 'It took us two months to make a decision in the case of Assange, so do not expect us to make a decision sooner this time,' Patino told reporters. Hideout: He is in the transit area of Sheremetievo airport in Moscow after flying from Hong Kong on Sunday . No sign of Snowden: Passengers wait in the transit area of the airport where Snowden has been for days . Hordes of journalists have camped in and around the airport, looking for Snowden or anyone who may have seen. But after talking to passengers, airport personnel, waiters and shop clerks, the press corps has discovered no trace of the elusive leaker, AP reported. Russian news agencies, citing unidentified sources, reported that Snowden was staying at a hotel in the transit terminal, but he was nowhere to be seen at the zone's only hotel, called 'Air Express'. The area where Snowden is purportedly staying serves both connecting passengers traveling via Moscow to onward destinations and passengers departing from Moscow who have passed border and security checks. The departure and transit area has dozens of small rooms, some labeled 'authorized personnel only,' where one could potentially seek refuge with support from airport staff or security personnel. There are also a few VIP lounge areas, accessible to business-class passengers or people willing to pay some $20 per hour. Snowden was not seen in those areas. Exiting the area would either require boarding a plane or passing through border control. Both require a valid passport or other identification; the U.S. has revoked Snowden's passport. Snowden, who is charged with violating American espionage laws, fled Hong Kong on Sunday and flew to Russia. Russia only acknowledged his arrival only . on Tuesday, when President Vladimir Putin said Snowden was still in the . transit zone of Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov confirmed that he remained there on Wednesday. Snowden had also booked a seat on a Havana-bound flight on Monday en route to Venezuela and then possible asylum in Ecuador, but he failed to board the plane. Despite U.S. officials called for . Snowden to be extradited immediately, but Russia said it would not as . they have no extradition treaty with the country and Snowden has not . committed a crime in Russia. 'He hasn't violated any of our laws, he hasn't crossed our border, he is in the transit zone of the airport and has the right to fly in any direction he wants,' Lavrov said. Asked if Ecuador would provide protection to Snowden while considering his request for asylum, Patino said through a translator that if Snowden 'goes to the embassy, then we will make a decision.' Patino refused to say what criteria his government would use, but added that it would 'consider all these risks', including whether it could hurt trade with the U.S. and damage Ecuador's economy. WikiLeaks gave a terse update on Snowden's condition earlier on Wednesday, saying in a statement posted to Twitter that Snowden was 'well'. Hurdles: Ecuador's Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino said it could take months to secure asylum for Snowden . WikiLeaks says that one of its . staffers, Sarah Harrison, was traveling with Snowden, but the statement . gave no indication if the update came from her, from Snowden, or from . some other source. In a . conference with reporters on Monday, Assange said that he was limited in . what he could say about Snowden due to security concerns. He denied . reports that Snowden was spending his time at the airport being . debriefed by Russian intelligence officers.	Edward Snowden remains in transit area of Moscow airport after leaving Hong Kong on Sunday .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:46 EST, 27 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 04:20 EST, 28 February 2014 . As two of Europe's most powerful women, they must have a few things in common. Yet when the Queen met German leader Angela Merkel yesterday they seemed keen not to get too close . Standing well outside of the monarch's personal space, Mrs Merkel reached gingerly over to shake the her hand as she went for tea at Buckingham Palace. And Her Majesty and Mrs Merkel subsequently remained at a safe distance as they posed, smiling warmly, for the cameras. Scroll down for video . Tea at mine: The Queen meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel  at Buckingham Palace earlier today . How d'you do? The German leader gingerly extends a hand to the monarch before the pair had tea . The smiles appear to fade: Both women kept their personal space during the meeting at the Palace . The awkwardness was heaped atop earlier awkwardness when Mrs Merkel met her British counterpart David Cameron first thing this morning at Downing Street as she began her one-day visit. After the Prime Minister and the German Chancellor – the most powerful leader in Europe – posed grinning for the cameras outside the front door of No 10, David Cameron planted a firm kiss on Angela Merkel’s cheek. It was the beginning of a series of awkward poses, with Mr Cameron’s attempt at a handshake to seal the bond of friendship seeming not to go down too well. Cheese: The two leaders smile awkwardly outside 10 Downing Street before Mr Cameron swoops in, right . A grimace from the Chancellor: Not quite the reaction Mr Cameron might have hoped for . As the Prime Minister placed one hand in hers and the other firmly on her arm, Mrs Merkel’s reaction was to pull a face, mouth turned down – possibly feeling that Mr Cameron was getting a bit too close, although it may have been a German attempt at a smile in response to a British attempt at humour. Perhaps in a nod to her Tory host, Mrs Merkel had opted for a bright blue jacket, which she wore with smart black trousers and flat shoes.	Mrs Merkel had been on a one-day visit to London . There was further awkwardness when she met David Cameron at No 10 .
(CNN) -- We now live in an age when glamorous, hey-look-at-me belters so dominate the pop-music firmament that you can barely tell who's doing the shouting. So it may be hard for some to remember -- or imagine -- what it was like to behold Whitney Houston for the first time. Not even your first taste of snow, your first meaningful kiss, your first encounter with one of the seven natural wonders quite aligns with the experience -- unless as some rough combination of all three. As many who grieved over Houston's shocking death yesterday at 48 will tell you, this first encounter would have taken place somewhere in the middle of the "Morning in America" years. Indeed, she seemed destined for greatness even before she released her first eponymous album for Clive Davis' Arista Records in 1985. The word was out years before that Houston had the presence, the pedigree and -- goodness knows -- the pipes to be something unprecedented, remarkable, even historic. Daughter of the great soul-and-gospel vocalist Cissy Houston, cousin to both Dionne and Dee Dee Warwick and goddaughter to Aretha Franklin, Houston's family background seemed a magically appropriate fusion of both the grit and the glamour of late-20th-century African-American pop music. You couldn't find a more auspicious template for great expectations. And for a while, she fulfilled those prospects -- and then some. Remember the insouciant swagger she showed in both the video and the recording of "How Will I Know?" The effortless push-pull command of romantic lyrics she exhibited in "Saving All My Love For You"? The skyscraping, come-to-meeting intensity she brought to "The Greatest Love of All"? They were all on "Whitney Houston," the debut album that answered just about every question we could have about her before we could calm down enough to come up with any questions at all. Here was a singer blessed with both her godmother's hair-raising vocal agility and Diana Ross' physical magnetism. Being demure can make you alluring and enigmatic. Having powerful sounds at your command can make you frightening and fascinating. Put them together and you had a pop phenomenon capable of breaching all manner of audience boundaries whether of race, age or geographic origin. At her peak she had enough confidence to win both the rockers and the disco crowd with the white-lightning rave, "I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me)." She covered Dolly Parton's "I Will Always Love You" with such overpowering force that she all but assumed ownership of the song. There seemed nothing she couldn't do, even acquit herself more than decently as a movie actress in "The Bodyguard" (1992),"Waiting to Exhale" (1995) and "The Preacher's Wife" (1997). When someone can do anything, it's not unusual for others to wonder if she's doing too much -- or trying too hard. Those of us who were mesmerized by her prodigious breakthroughs wondered how long she could keep it up, especially under the glare of multimedia celebrityhood. Some of us might have preferred that she take a hiatus, a brief withdrawal from the spotlight to protect her voice and, especially, her psyche from gossip, glitz and, yes, controlled substances. But when people demand that you deliver a knockout "Star-Spangled Banner" at a Super Bowl while a war's going on, when your life literally becomes a lowbrow real-life sitcom (only without the laughs) and when there are hundreds, thousands and millions of little-girls-with-big-voices who look to you as a role model, there's not a whole lot of elbow room to turn the dial to "slow" and contemplate ways of adjusting your art and your life to time's insistent demands. We don't yet know the circumstances surrounding Houston's death. And we aren't going to dwell on whatever personal trials accumulated over the years and their cumulative effects. There's plenty of time for that -- and a lot of dreary tell-all books to come. We'd rather not think about it. We have a simpler need: To remember when there was literally no one else like Whitney Houston in this world -- and how much poorer the world would have been without her. Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour.	Gene Seymour: The first time you saw Whitney Houston, she made an impression . He says Houston had magnetic presence and a voice of greatness . Her appeal cut across all boundaries of race, age, geography, he says .
By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 04:56 EST, 22 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:49 EST, 22 January 2013 . A teenage witness who gave evidence in the trial of N-Dubz rapper Dappy has revealed the level of hate and abuse directed at her by the musician's fans on Twitter. Serena Burton gave evidence at Guildford Crown Court stating that the star sparked a fight at a petrol station in Guildford after she and her friend, Grace Cochran, spurned his advances. The 25-year-old, charged under his real name of Costadinos Contostavlos, was found guilty of affray and assault by beating and could face a prison sentence of up to three years when he is sentenced next month. Scroll down for video . Witness: Miss Burton on Daybreak today. She has spoken of the hateful messages she received on Twitter after giving evidence in the trial of N-Dubz rapper Dappy, who was found guilty of affray and assault by beating . Miss Burton talks to presenters Lorraine Kelly and Aled Jones about the abuse. One tweet wished her a 'horrible death' But Dappy was found not guilty of two counts of common assault which related to allegations that he spat at Miss Burton and Miss Cochran, both 19. Paul Greaney, representing Dappy, argued that the pair were unreliable witnesses because they sent Twitter messages saying they were going to sell their stories to the national newspapers. The court heard that Miss Burton tweeted: 'Ha ha ha, love life, now we are famous', to which Miss Cochran replied: 'Buzzing to be papped.' And Miss Burton sent a BBM (BlackBerry message) saying: 'We need to sell our stories now, to be fair.' Miss Burton also admitted in court to sending a BBM message, saying that she was going to 'bulls***' when she gave her evidence. She received a message from someone called Jodie saying: 'OMG definitely sell the story ha ha ha, that's so good. 'Just say what happened, you are good at talking so you will be fine, ha ha ha.' Miss Burton replied: 'Ha ha ha, I do not even remember, to be fair, but I will bulls***.' Just some of the abuse Miss Burton endured from Dappy's fans on Twitter. This user said: 'I hope you die' Unusual: Some of the insults were slightly bizarre. This Twitter user called the two women 'cheese eating rat b*******' Dappy leaving Guildford Crown court after being found guilty of assault and affray on Thursday. (Right picture) Witnesses Serena Burton, left, and  Grace Cochran, right, gave evidence about the assault . On ITV's Daybreak programme, Miss Burton said she had been sent several messages by Dappy's fans following the trial. They included one saying: 'Ha ha - hope you and your mate die a horrible death.' Miss Burton said: 'We have had some horrific messages sent to us and in some ways it was unfair. 'All we did was witness to help those young boys, it's not a nice thing. 'It's upsetting but me and Grace try to ignore it. It's not a nice thing to go through.' She said the backlash had put her off the idea of being a witness again. She said: 'If I had to I would, but the whole experience has put us off doing it.' Describing the actual incident, she said that at the time she had not realised it was Dappy. N-Dubz are Costadinos 'Dappy' Contostavlos (centre), Tulisa Contostavlos and Richard 'Fazer' Rawson . She said: 'At the time we had no idea who it was and I think part of that caused the fight to break out. 'The whole experience was something shocking, that someone would do that to another person.' Dappy today took to Twitter to tell his fans to leave the two teenagers alone. He said: 'Guys, the girls have had their 15 minutes. Nuthin to be gained by sending hate to them. Just ignore and move on... #Daybreak . Dappy denied spitting at the two teenagers and said he only spoke to them to promote his single Rockstar featuring Queen guitarist Brian May. He told the court that his only action was to defend himself after a man, David Jenkins, stepped in to protect the two women. Dappy told his fans to leave the two witnesses alone on Twitter today . Kieran Vassell (left), 25, of Hammersmith, west London, was also found guilty of affray. David Jenkins (right) said he lost or broke eight teeth after being hit in the mouth during the fight . Mr Jenkins suffered several broken teeth in the incident and two other men suffered facial injuries. Co-defendant Kieran Vassell, 25, of Hammersmith, west London, was also found guilty of affray and Alfred Miller, 28, of Brentford, west London, pleaded guilty to affray. All three defendants are to be sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on February 15. A fourth defendant, Kalonji Stewart, 32, of Harborne, Birmingham, was found not guilty of affray. VIDEO Serena Burton talks about Twitter abuse on Daybreak .	Serena Burton spoke of the vitriol directed at her for giving evidence . The 19-year-old described some of the messages as 'horrendous' N-Dubz star was found guilty of affray and will be sentenced next month .
(CNN) -- Officials with the National Transportation Safety Board are expected to arrive Thursday morning to investigate a small plane crash that killed one person in Birmingham, Alabama. The Beech BE-58 was approaching the runway of the Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport when it crashed Wednesday, said the Federal Aviation Administration. The cause of the crash is unknown. "All I know is my friend right here told me to look up, and it was a plane in the sky, fire coming out of the back of it," Kairee King told CNN affiliate WBMA. King was on his porch when the plane crashed in a neighborhood, about 50 feet from the nearest house, the affiliate reported.	The plane crashes as it is approaching an airport runway . The cause of the crash is not known, the FAA says .
Manila, Philippines (CNN) -- A Filipino-American woman abducted in July in the Philippines was found Sunday on an island stronghold of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf, police said. Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann, 43, was found at Suba Kampong township on the Philippine island of Basilan after her captors released her, said Bienvenido Latag of the Philippine National Police. The U.S. Embassy in Manila on Monday confirmed Lunsmann's release in Basilan after she was held hostage by a still unidentified group of bandits. Latag did not say why Lunsmann was released, but the mayor of the town where Lunsmann was taken after she was released said she was freed following negotiations between her husband and her abductors. Mayor Cesar Lobregat, head of a Crisis Management Committee in Zamboanga City, declined to confirm whether officials paid a ransom. Fourteen gunmen snatched Lunsmann in July while she was vacationing with her family on the island of Tictabon, authorities said. The gunmen also took hostage Lunsmann's 14-year-old son, Kevin, and her 19-year-old Filipino nephew, Romnick Jakaria, they said. Authorities said the abductors forced Lunsmann and her family to board awaiting boats, which then sped off in the direction of Basilan. It was not immediately known whether the captors are still holding Lunsmann's son and nephew. Lunsmann was adopted by Americans when she was 9 and grew up in Virginia. She eventually married a German citizen. Both she and the son, Kevin, are U.S. passport holders. Police at the time of the abduction said they suspected the son attracted attention because of his distinctive mixed-race looks in an area with few foreign tourists. Basilan serves as a base for Abu Sayyaf, which wants to establish a separate state for the Philippines' minority Muslim population. The U.S. State Department considers the group a terrorist organization and says it is linked to al Qaeda. The Philippines government has been fighting to contain the militants. Abu Sayyaf has been blamed for several terrorist attacks in the Philippines, including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead, as well as past kidnappings.	Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann was released on Basilan island . Authorities are declining to confirm whether a ransom was paid for the woman's release . Lunsmann was abducted in July along with her son and her nephew . Lunsmann and her son, Kevin, are U.S. passport holders .
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told residents in the Buffalo area to be ready to evacuate if they think floodwater caused by melting snow could reach their residences. "It's not enough that your home has never flooded before," Cuomo said Sunday morning at a news conference. "There's always a first time, and this may be the first time." He said people living in places that might flood should have a bag packed and clean out valuables from their basements. He urged them not to wait until the last minute to leave. "Please err on the side of caution," he said. Cuomo said dealing with flooding is worse than the snow. "It's not water," he said Sunday. "It's a toxic brew. It has sewage in it; it has runoff in it." Warming temperatures forecast for Sunday will start to melt 7 feet of snow that fell last week. Rain will add to the menace. State officials aren't taking any chances. They've beefed up stockpiles of emergency supplies including generators and pumps and prepared nearly 180,000 sandbags. Swift-water rescue teams also are in place, along with helicopters, in case anyone gets caught in a deluge of runoff waters. The New York Fire Department sent about 40 members of its incident management team and about 500 National Guardsmen arrived the area. Temperatures should reach the high 40s on Sunday and go as high as 60 on Monday, according to the National Weather Service. Freezing temperatures are not expected again until Tuesday night. The snow is melting fast in Depew, New York, said CNN iReporter Dawn Buck. A few days ago, it reached the railing of her backyard gazebo, she said, but on Sunday the snow was down to the floor. "At least 3 feet of snow has melted so far," she said Sunday afternoon. There's also the threat of more structure collapses as all the rain saturates the snow on the tops of buildings, making the load even heavier. Several dozen roofs have already collapsed from just the weight of the snow, according to Erie County officials. Cuomo said structural engineers will examine schools and other government buildings that might be in danger of roof collapses. He said most state government offices will reopen Monday. 'City of Good Neighbors' One Buffalo man has a memorable souvenir of the storm. Anthony Marchioli was so bored he rented a small snow tractor to clear driveways on his street, CNN affiliate WKBW reported. On the way back from the rental business, he saw his wife standing in the street outside their house. She was pregnant and her water had unexpectedly broken, so Marchioli put her on the tractor and pushed through whiteout snow to Mercy Hospital, WKBW reported. Eleven hours later, the couple's third daughter was born. Her name: Loxley Storm Marchioli. Erica Bartoe, a CNN iReporter from Hamburg, New York, said that people had come to her town from other areas to help shovel snow and drop off donations. "Buffalo is called the City of Good Neighbors for a reason," she said. "There were people everywhere helping out." Flooding threat extends to Tuesday . The area is under a flood warning. The National Weather Service says flood-prone areas will be inundated but warns there will be more widespread flooding, too. "(We) expect 5 to 6 feet of water in some areas in a short period of time," Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz said Saturday. The risk of flooding extends into Tuesday. Commissioner Daniel Neaverth Jr. of the county Civil Defense/Disaster Preparedness Division told affiliate WGRZ that officials are "hoping for best, but we're also preparing for the worst." It's a notion the governor echoed. "Hopefully, we need none of this, and hopefully this was just an elaborate exercise in logistics that we will have done and then we will deconstruct, and everything will go back and people will say, 'Boy, the governor really made us waste our time bringing everything out there just to bring it back,'" Cuomo said Saturday. "I hope that happens." Cuomo also said individuals have a responsibility to help deal with the storm. He urged people to clean out storm drains in front of their houses "so the water has some place to go." A year's worth of snow in a week . The 86 inches that fell in some areas in three days last week is a typical year's worth of snow for Buffalo, according to the National Weather Service. The deadly storm claimed 13 lives -- many because of heart attacks while clearing snow. The death toll also includes one senior citizen who died of natural causes after or while being evacuated Thursday from a nursing home in Cheektowaga, officials said. The storm also forced the NFL to reschedule Sunday's football game between the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets. Instead of being played in Buffalo, it's now scheduled for Monday in Detroit. For the Bills, even getting out of the Buffalo area had its complications. Before meeting at the stadium Friday morning to get on a bus to the airport, some of the players had to be picked up by snowmobile because of driving bans in certain areas, team spokesman Scott Berchtold said.	Buffalo man rented snow tractor, ended up taking pregnant wife to hospital . Be ready to evacuate, Gov. Andrew Cuomo tells people in low-lying areas . The Buffalo area is under a flood warning . Authorities worry some buildings could collapse as snow on roofs soaks up rain .
Washington (CNN) -- Just hours after an ISIS spokesman called on the group's foreign fighters to carry out attacks on coalition countries led by the United States in the battle against the terrorist group, a senior Obama administration official warned the international community is not prepared to respond to such threats. "We're not structured that way effectively right now" to respond to that kind of call, the official said. President Obama hopes to "galvanize" international efforts to deal with the foreign fighter threat during his trip to the United Nations General Assembly in New York this week. "It sends a very powerful signal that this is an item of the highest urgency," said a senior administration official, who described the danger posed by foreign fighters as "extremely worrying." The Obama administration is confident a new binding resolution aimed at preventing and tracking the travel of foreign fighters will be adopted at this week's U.N. Security Council meeting. The meeting will be chaired by Obama, marking only the second time he has presided over a Security Council session during his time in office. Nations signing on to the agreement would be bound to new common law enforcement practices, officials said. However, there is no enforcement mechanism to guarantee that countries abide by the resolution. "I think we are very confident that this will be adopted this week," said a senior administration official. Part of the problem with the international response to traveling foreign fighters is the lack of coordinated counterterrorism measures among countries, senior administration officials said. At the moment the U.S. intelligence community believes there are 15,000 foreign fighters from 80 countries who are fighting alongside ISIS and other similar terror groups. Some 2,000 of those fighters are believed to be European. A senior administration official offered some nuanced detail about the 100 Americans who fit into the same foreign fighter category. That official said those 100 Americans are believed to be people who are either on the ground in the region fighting for ISIS or who have already returned to the U.S. and are now under surveillance by law enforcement. The White House is planning an upcoming summit to confront the threat posed by foreign fighters inspired by ISIS, a senior administration official said Monday. The Countering Violent Extremism Summit would take place at the White House, senior administration officials said at a background briefing with reporters. The event is another one of the key deliverables the Obama administration is expecting to nail down at this week's General Assembly.	ISIS has called on its foreign fighters to attack countries that join coalition led by U.S. Official: International community "not structured ... right now" to respond to such a threat . At U.N. this week, Obama hopes to "galvanize" international efforts against ISIS . Senior official calls danger posed by foreign fighters "extremely worrying"
The Scott Firefighter Combat 'World Challenge XXIII' began in Phoenix, Arizona this week and already, the competitors are feeling the burn. The annual competition attracts firefighters from across the world - countries such as the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Portugal, and France, to name a few - to battle it out in  time-based physical challenges. As seen on ESPN, the challenge seeks to encourage firefighter fitness and demonstrates the real rigors of the job to the public. Firefighters compete against the clock - and each other - completing a series of physically demanding tasks . The Scott Firefighter Combat 'World Challenge XXIII' runs from November 3 to November 8 in Phoenix, Arizona . Challengers complete a five-part obstacle course, with such activities as carrying a life-sized 'victim' Intense rigours of the course are meant to illustrate firefighter fitness levels and the difficult nature of the job . The video shows both men and women dressed in 'full bunker gear' - and even respirator masks - going head-to-head in a demanding obstacle course. Competitors performed a series of five tasks including climbing the five-storey tower, hoisting, chopping, dragging hoses, and rescuing and carrying a life-sized 175 lb (79 kg) 'victim.' Preliminary time trials run until November 7 and the finals will take places on Saturday, November 8.	The Scott Firefighter Combat 'World Challenge XXIII' is now on in Arizona . Firefighters from around the world compete in physically demanding tasks . Challengers race against the clock as part of a linked obstacle course .
(Mental Floss) -- When it comes to parasites, it's all about perspective. You may call a lifetime of growing and feeding off another organism lazy, but we call it opportunistic. In fact, these life-sucking go-getters have managed to carve out some of the most ingenious survival strategies in the world. This snapper refused comment when asked if he still had a tongue. 1. Cymothoa exigua: Biting your tongue, so you don't have to . When fish mommies want to strike fear in the hearts of their misbehaving fish babies, we suspect they draw on the chilling animal savagery of the Cymothoa exigua. As a youngster, this nasty little parasitic crustacean begins a life of terror by fighting its way through the gills of its fish host of choice, the snapper. Once there, it attaches itself to the fish's tongue and begins feeding on the rich blood pumping through the artery underneath. As the parasite grows, it drinks more blood and eventually causes the tongue to atrophy and disintegrate. But does the Cymothoa mouth-squatter leave its fishy friend tongueless? Of course not. It does what any crafty parasite would do and replaces the old tongue with its own body. The fish is actually able to use the parasite just like a normal tongue, only it has to share all the food with its new friend. Yes, the whole foster-tongue thing seems like a pretty nice gesture on the part of ol' Cymothoa --until you remember there was nothing wrong with the fish's old tongue in the first place. 2. Sacculina carcini: Reasons you shouldn't pick up a hitchhiker . If you ever have a choice between being possessed by the devil and being possessed by a Sacculina carcini, opt for the devil -- no contest. A female sacculina begins life as a tiny free-floating slug in the sea, drifting around until she encounters a crab. When that fateful day arrives, she finds a chink in the crab's armor (usually an elbow or leg joint) and thrusts a kind of hollow dagger into its body. After that, she (how to put this?) "injects" herself into the crab, sluicing through the dagger and leaving behind a husk. Once inside, the jellylike sacculina starts to take over. She grows "roots" that extend to every part of the crab's body -- wrapping around its eyestalks and deep into its legs and arms. The female feeds and grows until eventually she pops out the top of the crab, and from this knobby protrusion, she will steer the Good Ship Unlucky Crab for the rest of their commingled life. Packed full of parasite, the crab will forgo its own needs to serve those of its master. It won't molt, grow reproductive organs, or attempt to reproduce. It won't even regrow appendages, as healthy crabs can. Rather than waste the nutrients on itself, a host crab will hobble along and continue to look for food with which to feed its parasite master. 3. Filarial Worms: Proof you need thicker skin . Filarial worms are the nasty little suckers you can thank for lymphatic filariasis, which, according to the Pacific Program to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis, is the second-leading cause of permanent and long-term disability in the world. (Mental illness is No. 1.) Filarial worms are round, thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via that harbinger of disease transmission, the mosquito. How do they make the leap of host? In an interesting (if scary) example of parasite ingenuity, filarial worm embryos living underneath the skin can sense the onset of night, which is their cue to head upward to the skin's surface in order to increase their chances of being picked up by a passing 'skeeter. Should they get sucked up, they grow into larvae within the mosquito's muscle fibers and then get themselves injected into new hosts. Once they've returned to a human home, they open up a franchise in the family business -- Wreaking Havoc. Filaria often lodge in the body's lymphatic system, where they can inflict any number of torturous symptoms, not the least of which involves carting your genitals off to the elephantiasis clinic in a wheelbarrow. 4. Guinea Worms: Exposing parts nobody wants to see . Where there are guinea worms, there is Guinea Worm Disease -- and that's usually in Africa. When a human consumes water contaminated with guinea worms, the little buggers infiltrate their host's intestinal walls and commence mating. After conception, the males die off, and the females hang around for about a year, growing and eating. Eventually, these slender ladies get bored and decide they need to lay some eggs. To do so, they make their way down the body to the lower extremities, where they bore a small hole through the skin. The resulting lesion begins to fester and burn, which usually leads the host to plunge his or her foot into a soothing bucket of water. (Of course, in areas where an entire village shares a single water source, this helps spread the infection.) Unfortunately for the sufferer, the water doesn't solve the problem of having a three-foot female worm dangling its genitalia out of your foot. And to complicate matters, if you yank on that sucker, it'll break apart and could cause a fatal infection. So how do you rid yourself of the not-so-little hitchhiker? You go see a doctor, who -- over the course of three or four weeks -- will kindly wind the worm around a stick, inch by agonizing inch. Not the most pleasant method, but certainly a proven one. This cure for a guinea worm infection has been around so long, some believe it's where we get the snakes-around-a-staff symbol for medicine. 5. Leucochloridium paradoxum: Parasite for sore eyes . Prepare to be dazzled. This parasite's got a life cycle more mind-bending and chilling than an M. Night Shyamalan film. Leucochloridium paradoxum are a type of fluke (a.k.a., parasitic flatworm) that prey on birds -- a fascinating turn of events considering they begin their lives as eggs in bird droppings. Thus, the problem facing baby Leucochloridium paradoxum is, "How do I get myself back into one of those feathery things?" Taking a page from Greek history, the infant flatworms rely on Trojan trickery. First, they hang out in the droppings until a snail happens along and eats the bird dung. Then they initiate their devious plan of action by taking up residence in the snail's eyestalks. (Sure, it sounds slimy and gross to us, but after a childhood spent living in bird feces, it's a step up.) As they mature, the flukes become visible through the snail's translucent skin. And that's when things really get interesting. To a bird, this fluke-filled eyestalk looks like a caterpillar. So the bird devours the stalk and ends up with a bellyful of Leucochloridium paradoxum that will, of course, lay eggs and begin the cycle again. Meanwhile, the snail shakes its head, shops for an eye patch, and vows never to eat feces again. E-mail to a friend . For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com . Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved.	Cymothoa exigua destroys fish's tongue . Sacculina carcini turns victim into zombie . Guinea Worms can only be removed inch-by-inch . Filarial Worms are second-leading cause of permanent disability .
Scott Brown has closed the door on a possible move to England by pledging the next four years of his career to Celtic. With his present contract expiring in 2016, speculation was mounting that the 29-year-old may be tempted to explore avenues down south sooner rather than later. Crystal Palace were the latest side to be linked with the Fifer last week but Brown has now headed off any such moves at the pass by committing his future to Celtic until he turns 33. Celtic captain Scott Brown has signed a new deal keeping him at the club until the summer of 2018 . The 29-year-old has been at the club since 2007, when he joined the Scottish giants from Hibernian . Brown, who now looks set to end his playing days as a Celtic player, said: ‘It’s an absolute privilege to extend my contract with Celtic, a brilliant football club and with such incredible supporters. This is a place that I call home. ‘Being Celtic captain is a tremendous honour and it is a role which I cherish dearly. The team is in a great place just now and we’re all right behind the manager and the backroom team as they build for the future. ‘I will do all I can with the manager and all the players at the club to deliver the success which our supporters deserve.’ Celtic have previously been reluctant to offer bumper long-term deals to players approaching the age of 30 but they have made an exception in the case of the man who is also now skipper of Scotland. Brown is keen to pursue a coaching career and it’s understood the prospect of gaining such experience while still playing formed part of the contract negotiations. Brown talks to assistant manager and Scotland legend John Collins during a Celtic training session . National captains Brown and Wayne Rooney shake hands before the recent friendly at Celtic Park . The midfielder came through the ranks at Hibs and made his debut in 2002 before winning the League Cup with the Easter Road side in 2007. He moved to Celtic for £4.4million that summer and has gone on to make nearly 300 appearances for the club. After a sluggish start to life in green and white under Gordon Strachan, he has developed into an invaluable part of Ronny Deila’s side. The Norwegian feared Brown might miss much of his first season at Celtic when he was stretchered off in a pre-season friendly against Rapid Vienna, but the midfielder recovered from what proved to be a serious hamstring injury in just two months. In signing the new deal, he has given the clearest indication yet that he’s content with every aspect of life at Celtic. A winner of four Scottish Championships, two Scottish Cups and a League Cup in his time at Parkhead, Brown is now in line to complete 11 years’ service with the club – a rarity in the modern age. However, he will be watching from the stands when his team-mates host Dundee after being sent off against Aberdeen before the international break.	Celtic have tied down their captain Scott Brown until June 2018 . The 29-year-old, who is also Scotland captain, said it was a privilege . Brown is looking for his fourth consecutive Scottish Premiership title .
(CNN) -- It was the first tie out -- and it's the tie everyone is talking about. Manchester City will face Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Champions League in what promises to be one of the most eagerly awaited contests in this year's competition. City, which has been in irrepressible form at home in the English Premier League and won at defending champion Bayern Munich last week, had failed to reach this stage in each of its previous two attempts. Now it will face a Barcelona side which has won the tournament on four occasions -- but director of football Txixi Beguiristain says City will not fear his former club. "I think it will be a great match," he told City's official website. "Ours is a team with a lot of confidence especially after winning against the champions in Munich -- that will give us a lot of confidence. Not just at home but away as well. "We have to be confident because of the way we are playing. We are showing that we can score in all matches. This is important in the Champions League. "We scored in Plzen, in Moscow, in Munich -- it should give us confidence to play against a team who have been champions many times. "Our manager knows Barcelona perfectly because he managed in Spain for a long time. In this sense, we are confident. "I think the text messages will be flying between Manchester and Barcelona now between Sergio and Lionel! If you want to win the Champions League you have to beat the biggest teams, Barcelona are one of the biggest teams." City has spent the past few years modeling itself on Barcelona -- now it is aiming to supplant it in Europe's top club competition. Under the management of Manuel Pellegrini, the former Villarreal and Real Madrid coach, City has progressed to the last 16 of the competition for the very first time. Backed by the riches of Sheikh Mansour, the deputy prime minister of the United Arab Emirates, City has used its financial muscle to lure those who enjoyed great success at Barcelona. Beguiristain worked at the Camp Nou from 2003-10 before joining City to work alongside Ferran Soriano, who joined following a spell with the Catalan club as vice-president. Only last January, Barcelona president Sandro Rosell accused City of trying to poach players and coaching staff from the Camp Nou. One former Barcelona player who is expected to star for City is Yaya Toure -- the midfielder who left for England in July 2010. The contest will also see City's Argentine striker Sergio Aguero, who will hope to have recovered from a calf injury after being ruled out for up to a month, go up against international teammate Lionel Messi. And while neutrals will be salivating at the prospect of the two heavyweight giants going head-to-head, Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino says both teams would have rather avoided one another. "City will not have wanted to play against Barcelona either," he told reporters. "What we need to concentrate on is being in good shape when February comes around. We need to have a high level and sustain it. "They are scoring goals with ease so we are not going to discover them now. We want to play well in the tie and obviously win it." Elsewhere, defending champion Bayern Munich will take on Arsenal in a repeat of last season's clash at the same stage. Bayern triumphed 3-1 in north London before squeaking through to the quarterfinals on away goals following a 2-0 home defeat. Arsenal, which sits top of the Premier League despite Saturday's 6-3 defeat at Manchester City, will provide a tough test for Bayern, according to chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. "They are the leaders in the Premier League and so we have been warned," he told reporters. "A few months ago we lost to them in Munich. They are a very tough team." In 2012, Didier Drogba struck the winning penalty as Chelsea pulled off an unlikely Champions League triumph by defeating Bayern in the final in Munich. Now at Galatasaray, Drogba will return to Stamford Bridge to face his beloved Blues in what promises to be an emotional reunion. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho had predicted that his side would be paired with the Turkish club, which defeated Juventus in a dramatic final group game to seal its place in the last 16. Real Madrid has been paired with German side Schalke, with Carlo Ancelotti's men still harboring ambitions of winning "La Decima" -- the club's 10th title. Real, which sits third in Spain, has not won the competition since 2002 and was beaten by Borussia Dortmund in last year's semifinal. Dortmund, which was beaten in last season's final by Bayern, will travel to Russia to take on Zenit St Petersburg in the first leg. Manchester United will be favorite to progress to the quarterfinal stage after being paired with Greek side Olympiakos. David Moyes' side, which finished top of its group despite unconvincing domestic form, last won the competition in 2008. Seven-time winner AC Milan has been handed a testing tie against Atletico Madrid. Milan, which has endured a dismal season in Serie A, will face an Atletico side sitting level on points with Barcelona at the top of La Liga. Elsewhere, French champion Paris Saint-Germain will travel to Bayer Leverkusen for its first leg tie. Last-16 draw: . Manchester City vs Barcelona . Olympiakos vs Manchester United . AC Milan vs Atletico Madrid . Bayer Leverkusen vs Paris Saint-Germain . Galatasaray vs Chelsea . Schalke vs Real Madrid . Zenit vs Borussia Dortmund . Arsenal vs Bayern Munich . Ties to be played February 18/19 and 25/26 with second leg games on 11, 12, 18, 19 March.	Manchester City will face Barcelona in standout clash . Defending champion Bayern Munich will play Arsenal . Manchester United takes on Olympiakos . Real Madrid paired with German side Schalke .
(CNN)Gospel Kazako knows that sometimes it's best to follow the light. The eldest of eight children, the Malawian entrepreneur had a typical upbringing in the southern town of Zomba. One night, sitting out on his parents' veranda, he spotted a mysterious light flashing atop nearby Mount Mpigi. He asked someone about it, who told him it was a radio transmitter. "I got very fascinated," Kazako recalls. A lifetime obsession was instantly born, setting the young boy on a path that would see him transmitting to millions of people every day and eventually becoming a major media mogul. High school and a diploma in journalism later and Kazako found employment at Malawian state radio MBC. There, he produced a variety of shows but after seven years he left to set up his own company, which created adverts, features and documentaries for other radio stations. Kazako's ambition would take him further; first he was at the helm of his own station, Zodiak Radio (Malawi's leading privately-owned station), and later on he successfully expanded into television. The process was arduous and required no small measure of perseverance. Here, Kazako tells CNN how he fought his way to the top, why it's important to look back, and how ethics are at the core of his business. Perseverance is key. Whilst running his production company, support from clients bolstered Kazako's belief that he could go it alone and set up his own station. Things didn't start well. "In 2002 I applied for a license and it was rejected twice. In 2003 I applied again [but] it was also rejected," Gospel says. In 2004, and at the fourth attempt, he was granted a national broadcasting license. He was ready to go as soon as it arrived -- "By that time I had bought around three transmitters," he cheekily admits. Start small but always think big. "We started very, very simple, with very, very simple gadgets," Kazako explains. "When people [came to] the studios they were fascinated. 'Are you broadcasting to the whole country using these simple gadgets?' I said yes. "We continued, struggling, expanding. We started with five transmitting sites... now we have I think over 34-35 transmitting sites across the country." Being the largest private radio station in Malawi was not enough for Kazako. After nine years in radio he wanted a new challenge and decided to expand into television. "Realizing the dream of running or owning a television station [was] a very, very difficult journey," he says. "The day we switched on the television... expecting that every moment, any second, we're going to see a Zodiak signal... I don't know how to describe it... it was a very, very emotional moment." Businesses should be ethical. Gospel says Kodiak's mission was always clear. "From the onset we told ourselves that we are going to be a radio station that should be fair, balanced, ethical, professional and non-partisan. A station that was going to be one that everyone must trust. "I feel I have a personal responsibility as a broadcaster, as a journalist, to ensure that people are well informed. So they can make decisions about their future; decisions about their lives." Everybody should have a voice in society. "[Radio] is a very powerful tool that can change people's lives," Kazako says. "It's a voice, loaded with information. It's a voice with content that can be used effectively to change how people think, to change [the] attitudes of the people, to change so many things." Gospel is now using his station to help others. In 2007 he introduced the Zodiak Girl Awards, recognizing the best female students in high schools. "I have always been a very strong believer that for us to move forward everybody must be included. And when I say everybody, this includes women. You cannot talk about human rights without women rights." "For us to develop as a country we need to make sure that we are not leaving our women behind," Gospel argues. The awards, which are now paired with international university scholarships are   "empowering our women," he says, "empowering our girls through education." Humble beginnings should not restrict you. "I didn't grow up with a lot of resources around me," Kazako explains. "I know the pains of sleeping with an empty stomach... I know the pains of sleeping on a railway line without a blanket... I know the pains of almost having nothing." Speaking of the media empire he has built, Kazako is self-deprecating. "Anybody can do this. I'm like you... Wherever you are in [your] corner of the world, you can become someone. In the very small corner that you are, take off fear and believe in your idea. Believe in your idea, work very hard, and make sure [it] is going to happen... Sometimes it can be very frustrating, sometimes you feel you are bashing a dry hard wall, sometimes people look at you like a crazy fellow, but just believe and keep on walking." Read more: African poetry goes mobile . Read more: Meet Nigeria's beauty guru . More from African Voices .	The entrepreneur grew up with little, but a love of radio gave him the incentive to improve his circumstances . Denied a radio license three times, he eventually set up what would become the biggest private radio station in Malawi . After nine years in radio Kazako transitioned into television, maintaining a focus on ethical businesses . The station supports female students in Malawi and has an scholarship fund sending women to international universities .
By . Sophie Jane Evans . PUBLISHED: . 09:57 EST, 11 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:22 EST, 11 March 2014 . These spectacular photos show peregrine falcons hunting pigeons in the skies over British cities. The birds, some of the world's fastest creatures, were captured snatching the vermin above Bristol and London. They can be seen soaring through the air with speeds of up to 240mph, before swiping the pigeons in their sharp talons. Hunting: This photo shows a peregrine falcon carrying a pigeon in its talons as it soars above the city of Bristol . Fighting over lunch: A pair of falcons, which can reach speeds of up to 240miles per hour, fight over their prey . Speedy: Peregrine falcons are some of the world's fastest creatures - and are also widely distributed globally . Peregrine falcons are the most widely distributed birds in the world - inhabiting all continents, except Antarctica. However, in Britain, they are usually spotted in the skies above  mountain ranges, wild cliffs and other remote spaces. Photographer Sam Hobson, 34, said it was 'amazing' to capture the birds hunting above the bustling cities. 'There is something amazing about seeing one of the world's fastest animals perched on a building you see every day,' he said. 'There are . plenty of tall buildings in cities for the birds to perch on.' Mid-flight: But the birds are usually spotted in the skies above mountain ranges and wild cliffs in remote areas . Incredible: Photographer Sam Hobson, who has been tracking and photographing urban falcons for the past two years, said it was 'amazing' to capture the birds in Britain. Above, a peregrine falcon flies over Bristol . 'Perfect habitat': 'We have unwittingly created the perfect habitat for the falcons in Britain,' said the 34-year-old . Mr Hobson, who has been tracking and photographing urban falcons in Bristol and London for the past two years, said the birds had been attracted to the cities because of their large number of pigeons and other migratory birds. 'I have seen falcons doing things they don't do in the countryside,' he said. 'For example, I witnessed them hunting at night. 'The . falcons were using the city lights to spot other birds and then . swooping on them. Perching: Mr Hobson said March was a good month for picturing the birds. Above, a falcon on a perch . 'We are used to seeing nocturnal hunting behavior in . owls, but not peregrines. 'They were hunting different birds as well, not just pigeons. They preyed on a lot of migratory birds.' He added that March was a good month for photographing the birds - saying: 'We are coming up to the time when falcons lay their first eggs of the year. 'Males are particularly territorial during this time, and attack other birds like seagulls which come anywhere near their nests. 'A couple of years ago two falcons in Bristol only managed to lay one egg, and a seagull knocked it into the floating harbour. Some workmen managed to fish it out with an umbrella, and it was saved.' Mr Hobson said he had captured the falcons from vantage points on high buildings - while carefully observing their nesting habits to determine where they will appear. 'I stood on top of a car park all day, waiting for something to happen,' he said. 'From the pictures you would think these are really active birds, but often I sit there watching them perched on a ledge, digesting their food all day.' Ben Hoare, features editor at BBC Wildlife Magazine, said peregrines have undergone a 'spectacular renaissance' in Britain - and have been attracted to cities because of their 'suitable prey'. 'There is plenty of suitable prey here, especially pigeons, and lots of nest sites too - a high ledge or flat roof is a perfect substitute for a cliff,' he said. 'The falcons have even learned to hunt after dark using the glow from streetlights, targeting the migratory birds that fly over our cities at night. Flying high: The photographer took the amazing photos from vantage points on buildings in Bristol and London . Change: Ben Hoare, of the BBC, said peregrines have recently undergone a 'spectacular renaissance' in Britain . Suitable location: 'There is plenty of suitable prey here, especially pigeons, and lots of nest sites too,' he said . 'When I started birdwatching in the 1980s, peregrine falcons were at a low ebb after decades of decline. But, today these fabulous birds of prey nest in full view in many British cities, often on cathedral towers or other tall landmarks. 'I see a pair of peregrines most days in central Bristol on my walk to work, and delighted local office workers love to follow the birds' progress as they raise a family. 'The birds seem remarkably tolerant of all the noise going on around them - once I saw the male peregrine perched on the end of a tower crane on a building site, completely oblivious as it swung through 90 degrees.'	Images show peregrine falcons hunting pigeons above Bristol and London . Can be seen soaring through sky, before snatching vermin in sharp talons . Peregrine falcons are some of world's fastest creatures, reaching 240mph . They are usually spotted in skies above remote mountain ranges and cliffs . Photographer Sam Hobson was 'amazed' to capture them above busy cities . Birds are believed to have been attracted to cities because of 'suitable prey' They have even learned to hunt after dark using streetlights, says expert .
London, England (CNN) -- The United Kingdom spent a second day suspended in uncertainty Saturday as leading politicians met to resolve a national election that failed to yield an outright winner. Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, whose party came in third after Thursday's voting, held meetings with fellow party members Saturday to discuss a possible deal with either of the two largest parties, Labour and the Conservatives. Clegg also met with Conservative leader David Cameron Saturday night, local media reported, while a broader meeting between Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party is scheduled for Sunday morning, a Liberal Democrat spokeswoman told CNN. During a break in the talks with his own party, Clegg addressed hundreds of protesters in London who were demonstrating in favor of proportional representation, a system supported by the Liberal Democrats. Send iReport your stories, videos, photos . The Lib Dems say the current electoral system is unfair and leaves them under-represented in Parliament. They say the number of seats they have in the House of Commons fails to reflect the number of votes they won across the country, and they believe each party's allocation of seats should reflect the percentage of the national vote they get. For example, the Conservatives got 36 percent of the vote and 306 of the 650 seats in Parliament. Under proportional representation, they would have gotten 234 seats. The Lib Dems got 23 percent of the popular vote but won only 57 seats. Proportional representation would have given them about 150 seats. "I never thought I'd see Londoners protesting for proportional representation," Clegg said. "Take it from me, reforming politics is one of the reasons I went into politics. I campaigned for a better, more open, more transparent new politics every single day of this general election campaign. "I genuinely believe it is in the national interest, it is in the interest of everybody in Great Britain, to use this opportunity to usher in a new politics." Before he went into the meeting with members of his party Saturday morning, Clegg said "politicians have a duty to speak to each other." "People deserve a good, stable government, and that's why I'm very keen that the Liberal Democrats should enter into any discussions with other parties, as we're doing, in a constructive spirit," he explained. What happens next for UK politics? The Liberal Democrats planned to meet with the Conservative Party at 11 a.m. (6 a.m. ET) Sunday, according to a Liberal Democrat spokeswoman. When asked, a spokeswoman for the Conservative Party declined to give a timeframe for a possible deal. Why UK politics needs to get used to horse trading . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, who leads the Labour Party, and the Conservatives' Cameron both offered on Friday to form an alliance with the Liberal Democrats as they jostled for power after the election in which the Conservatives gained the most seats in the House of Commons. Clegg told reporters Saturday morning that he remained focused on four priorities as he discussed the idea of a deal with another party: tax reform, education reform, a "new approach" to the economy, and "fundamental political reform." Full election coverage . "It's precisely those four changes which will guide us in the talks ahead," Clegg said. In an e-mail to Conservative supporters on Saturday, Cameron made a case for the party to work with the Liberal Democrats. "I ... believe there are many areas of common ground between us and the Liberal Democrats -- such as the need for education reform, building a low-carbon economy, reforming our political system, decentralizing power, protecting civil liberties and scrapping ID cards," Cameron wrote. It's unclear how far Cameron will go on the Liberal Democrats' main priority, electoral reform. But he said in his e-mail that he is willing to compromise on some issues. "There are also areas where I believe we in the Conservative Party can give ground," he wrote, "both in the national interest and in the interests of forging an open and trusting partnership. For example, we want to work with the Liberal Democrats to see how we can afford to reduce taxes on the lowest paid." Brown, who remains prime minister even though Labour lost its parliamentary majority, said Friday that he would be willing to negotiate with any party leader. What role does the queen play now? Official returns Friday showed it would be impossible for any one party to get a majority of seats, resulting in what is known as a hung parliament. The Conservatives came in first, with at least 306 seats in the 650-seat parliament, followed by Labour with at least 258. The Liberal Democrats came in third, with at least 57. The Conservatives must forge some kind of deal with a smaller party in order to reach a voting majority in Parliament, and they are most likely to turn to the Liberal Democrats, analysts have said. Parties smaller than the Liberal Democrats hold too few seats in Parliament for them to be realistic choices for the Conservatives, analysts have said. It's also easier for the Conservatives to seek a partnership with just one party rather than many, said Joe Twyman, director of political polling at YouGov. Such a partnership, however, does not necessarily have to take the form of a coalition, Twyman said. "My personal opinion is that the most likely scenario is the Conservative Party forming a minority government and going into some sort of leg-by-leg association with the Liberal Democrats," Twyman told CNN on Saturday. "The Conservatives hope that will give them the support they need to get across their economic policies, which are the most pressing." Anger at polling stations . Though they are dubbed the kingmakers, because their support could be crucial to either of the two big parties, the Liberal Democrats also don't have much room to play with, Twyman said. The last time Britain had a hung parliament was in February 1974, when Edward Heath's Conservatives gained more votes but fewer seats in Parliament than Labour. Unable to form a deal with the Liberal Party, the Conservatives stayed on in a minority government, but found themselves back at the polls by October. "As the Lib Dems are reported to have significantly less financing than the other two parties, they would have the most to lose from another election being called very soon, because elections are an expensive business," Twyman said. CNN's Melissa Gray, Richard Greene and Paul Armstrong in London contributed to this report.	No party won a clear majority in British election, resulting in hung parliament . NEW: Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg speaks to protesters . Liberal Democrats plan to meet with the Conservative Party Sunday . Conservatives refuse to give a timeframe on any deal .
By . Shari Miller . PUBLISHED: . 11:05 EST, 21 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:44 EST, 22 April 2013 . After he was orphaned two years ago, scientists did not think a young chimp could survive without help from an adopted parent - and least of all from the alpha male. But that's exactly what happened to 'Oscar', the star of new Disney documentary, Chimpanzee, when he was welcomed in by patriarch 'Freddy'. Having previously shown great aggression over the other males to secure leadership of his chimp colony, Freddy now proved he could also be the daddy of them all. Scroll down for video . Cuddles with daddy: Oscar sleeps inside the protective arms of his adopted father Freddy, as captured in Disney's new documentary, Chimpanzee . Never before have film-makers or scientists witnessed a male taking on the mothering role of a young baby in this way. They watched in amazement as Freddy showed a tenderness towards the young orphan. He allowed tiny Oscar to ride on his back, cracked nuts for him and delicately groomed his fur. Before long, Freddy was sharing his nest with Oscar cradled inside his massive arms. Such an adoption, which is extremely rare, is captured in all its poignancy in the film, which is released in the UK next month. World-renowned primatologist Professor . Christophe Boesch, who has spent more than 30 years studying the . chimpanzees of Taï Forest National Park in Africa's Ivory Coast, where the filming took place, said such behaviour in the animal kingdom was almost unheard of. ‘I’ve never seen a male like Freddy take up the role . of a mother like that,’ he said. Alone: Oscar was orphaned after his mother was killed, possibly by a leopard . Mark Linfield, who co-directed the film with Alastair Fothergill described the touching scenes as 'the best storyline we never wrote'. He said: ‘It was amazing and very touching to see this big, normally gruff male pour his love and devotion into caring for Oscar. ‘It was pretty clear that the story of Oscar and Freddy was going to touch other people as much as it touched us. If we’d scripted it, no one would have believed us. It was the best storyline we never wrote.’ ‘It was very moving to see Oscar’s longing for some  sort of protection and closeness and the tenderness that Freddy showed him. It was very unusual.' The project took 700 days of filming over three-and-a-half years and the crew endured a host of obstacles, including swarms of aggressive bees, torrential rain, extreme humidity and deadly snakes. They at first followed a different chimpanzee mother and baby, but when the crew came across Isha and her newborn Oscar, they knew they had found a special chimp. ‘Almost as soon as he was born, Oscar was bouncing around doing all this look-at-me stuff. He wrote himself into the script. But we had no idea he’d have such an eventful life.’ An older mum with seemingly unlimited patience, Isha nuzzles Oscar with chimpanzee kisses in the film, tucks him up safely at night in a hammock of branches high in the trees, and makes a start on his education. For thousands of years, the chimps of the Taï Forest have used a sophisticated technique to crack their favourite walnut-like cola nuts, handing their unique skill down through generations. Helping hand: Freddy cracks open nuts for the orphaned Oscar . They use tree roots as anvils and carry heavy stone hammers for miles through the forest. ‘One of the funniest things is seeing little ones like Oscar trying to learn, because they keep getting it wrong,’ Linfield says. ‘They miss the nut and hit their foot instead. Or they try with a piece of wood and the wood keeps breaking.’ Heavily reliant on his mother, Oscar will not be weaned until he reaches the age of four and will only become fully independent at the age of ten. But Oscar has only reached the age of three when tragedy strikes - Isha is injured during a territorial fight with a rival band of chimps and never seen again. Father and son: The adoption of Oscar by a dominant male like Freddy surprised scientists . It is presumed she fell prey to leopards in her weakened state, leaving Oscar vulnerable, hungry and left to die - that is until Freddy, the patriarch and alpha-male steps in to become his new parent. Chimpanzee marks the fourth production from Disney's Disneynature division, which was launched in 2008. Following the box office success of Earth, Oceans and African Cats, the film has already taken $30million (£20m) in America alone. Disney has pledged to make a significant donation to the See Chimpanzee, Save Chimpanzees cause, set up by the Jane Goodall Institute, which aims to highlight the plight of these animals. Once numbering more than a million, in just 50 years there are now only 200,000 chimps left in the wild. It is predicted that within 20 years, through hunting, disease and decimation of forests, chimps will become extinct in ten countries. So what next for Oscar and Freddy? Unfortunately, filmgoers won't discover if there is a happy ending to this otherwise Disney-like tale. ‘We don’t know,’ Linfield admits. Freddy is alive and well and has been recently sighted. Oscar, however, . who would now be five years old, has not been seen for some time. ‘Nobody knows where he is. But it’s a big forest, so that’s not unusual. He could be absolutely fine. ‘I hope people will feel chimps are . just like us – with all the trials and tribulations in their lives that . we have in ours. They’re not so very different from us and they deserve . our respect.’ Chimpanzee will be released in cinemas on Friday, 3 May. Swing time: Oscar plays among the woodland of the Tai Forest, in Africa's Ivory Coast .	Tough alpha male Freddy shows his softer side by adopting young Oscar in new Disney documentary, Chimpanzee . Such an adoption in the animal kingdom has never been seen by scientists or film-makers before . Director Mark Linfield described touching scenes as 'the best storyline we never wrote' Disney hopes to raise awareness of chimpanzees' plight . Over 50 years, number in the wild has fallen from a million to 200,000 .
By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 19:46 EST, 2 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:48 EST, 2 February 2013 . Hero: Wartime pilot Tony Rogers led an incredible life before he passed away aged 91 . A Polish war hero with an incredible story of survival during World War Two has died aged 91. Flight Lieutenant Czeslaw 'Tony' Rogers braved a 830-mile trek on foot across the Soviet Union's frozen wastes to India after being freed from a prison camp before eventually making it to Britain. He then became a decorated Spitfire and Lancaster bomber pilot who flew daring RAF missions against targets in Germany. Lt Rogers, who adopted the English surname of his screen heroes Roy and Ginger, had fought in 1939 when his native country became a target for oppression following the non-aggression pact between Hitler and Stalin. The German Luftwaffe decimated the Polish air . fleet and pilots like Lt Rogers were handed machine guns and told to fight on . the ground - against German forces invading from the west and Russian . soldiers from the east. Lt Rogers was then taken prisoner by the Russians and sent to a gulag in Siberia. Best friend Gordon Scott-Whale, 85, of Fairford, Gloucestershire, recalled: 'In Krakow Tony told me he and his comrades hid inside graves at a cemetery. 'Can . you imagine firing at Russian tanks from inside a grave? One of his . friends was killed but Tony escaped and managed to make it back to his . village.' He was later arrested by the NKVD secret . police and sentenced to 25 years imprisonment, deported in a cattle . truck which took three days to reach a prison camp in Siberia. Mr Scott-Whale said: 'There were women and children in . the trucks and whenever a child died en-route they just had to throw . their body out into the snow.' Following Hitler's invasion of Russia in 1941, . Stalin allied with Britain and America against the Germans. Prime . Minister Winston Churchill requested the release of Polish nationals . from Siberia - and Lt Rogers was one of them. Remembering what his friend had told him . about escaping from the gulag, Mr Scott-Whale said: 'They opened the gates of the . camp and told them to go. 'At . first they thought it was some trick and that they'd go out and get . shot. But off they went in groups of ten, on specially made sledges. 'In . Tony's group only he and another airman survived, the others just . collapsed in the snow. Scroll down for video . Lt Rogers won the RAF Air Crew Europe Star, the Defence Medal and the highest accolade of Polish medals, the Virtuti Militari . Flight Lieutenant Tony Rogers with his family (left) in the Far East after the war and (right) with his wife Nan . Heroes: RAF Spitfire fighter pilots scramble to get airborne during World War Two (file picture) 'But . Tony and his companion trekked 830 miles on foot before they could . smuggle themselves onto a train heading south, and they finally make it . to India, from where he got passage to Britain.' Once in England, with his new . Anglicised name, Lt Rogers met Nan, a WAF driver, who would become his . wife and mother of their two children. During . the rest of the war he flew Spitfires for the RAF before being drafted . into Bomber Command to fly the Lancaster because of his experience in . Poland of flying twin engine aircraft. Lt Rogers flew the iconic Spitfire fighter plane when he joined the RAF in the 1940s (file picture) The Avro Lancaster bomber, shown during a Royal Air Forces Battle of Britain memorial flight, was another aircraft Lt Rogers piloted (file picture) He was in 138 squadron Special Operations (Moonlight Squadron) in the B Flight, based out of RAF Tempsford in Cambridgeshire. In 1944 he flew a supply mission into . Warsaw – in a Halifax or a Stirling – flying low to parachute down . supplies including arms, explosives and radio sets at a place where . lights flashed to indicate underground members. German . fighters were waiting for the planes to rise but they kept at low . level, but many crews were lost and the missions were stopped afterwards . for being too risky. Following the German invasion of Poland, many Polish pilots - a great number of whom had fought the Luftwaffe - escaped and made their way to France and Britain. In June 1940 the Polish Government in Exile formed a Polish Air Force in the UK, with two fighter squadrons - 302 and 303 - composed of Polish pilots and ground crews, with British commanding officers. The two fighter squadrons went into action in August. Most of the Polish pilots had hundreds of hours of pre-war flying experience and were among the most experienced in the battle. They had learned from combat experience to fire from close range. Between them the Polish pilots claimed 201 aircraft shot down. 303 Squadron, in which Brigadier General Tadeusz Sawicz served, claimed the highest number of kills - 126 - of all Allied squadrons in the Battle of Britain. The Polish War Memorial on the outskirts of RAF Northolt was dedicated in 1948 as a commemoration of the Polish contribution to Allied arms. Lt Rogers continued to serve in Bomber Command flying Lancasters, until his retirement from the RAF in 1948. His service log books highlight 12,000 flying hours in a variety of . aircraft types: Spitfires, Lancasters, Wellingtons and after war ended . Meteor jets. Before the war, Lt Rogers had originally wanted to become a doctor in 1930s Poland, but was attracted to a career flying aeroplanes by a friend of his brother, who was part of the pre-war programme to strengthen the Polish Air Force. In the early 1950s Lt Rogers and his family moved to Singapore, where he was the personal pilot to General Sir Gerald Templer, British High Commissioner in Malaya during the Communist insurgency. Mr Scott-Whale said: 'Tony would fly light aircraft such as the Auster to spot terrorist activity in the Malayan jungle so that the ground troops could move in and flush them out.' Lt Rogers won the RAF Air Crew Europe Star, the Defence Medal and the highest accolade of Polish medals, the Virtuti Militari. Gordon commented: 'In later life Tony would always be guest of honour at Battle of Britain memorial dinners at RAF Brize Norton, and sit at the top table with the Commanding Officer. 'He also met the Duke of Kent in 2002 at Fairford Air Tattoo, and last year met the Queen in London at the unveiling of the bomber command memorial.' Lt Rogers was eventually immobilised by a stroke and the RAF Benevolent Fund stepped in to provide a mobility scooter. He was so inspired by this that he went on to become a keen supporter of the RAF Benevolent Fund. In memory of his friend Gordon said: 'There are not so many of these chaps left now. Tony was a perfect friend and a wonderful man. I hope his story is not going to be forgotten.' Lt Rogers passed away on January 15 at Hyperion Nursing Home in Fairford, Gloucestershire.	Tony Rogers braved 830-mile trek on foot across Russia's frozen wastes . He made it to India, before eventually finding refuge in Britain . Rogers then became a decorated WW2 Flight Lieutenant in the RAF . The hero died at Hyperion Nursing Home in Fairford, Gloucestershire .
By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 04:09 EST, 4 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:29 EST, 4 November 2013 . Murdered: Three police officers have been suspended following the murder of Bijan Ebrahimi, 44, who was burned to death by neighbours who wrongly believed he was a paedophile . Three police officers have been suspended after they arrested an innocent man just days before he was beaten and set alight by murderous vigilantes who wrongly believed he was a paedophile. Bijan Ebrahimi had . taken photographs of youths vandalising his hanging baskets and intended . to hand them to police as evidence, but instead was held for taking pictures of children. Officers took Mr Ebrahimi, originally from Iran, away for questioning, as other . residents on his estate gathered in the street and chanted, ‘Paedo, . paedo’. Two days after his release Mr . Ebrahim's charred body was found burning . in the road. Lee James, 24, has admitted murder and Stephen Norley, 24, admitted assisting him. Today it emerged that three of the police involved in the victim's arrest are now not at work and have been accused by the victim's family of 'failing' him. An Independent Police Complaints Commission investigation is currently investigating the police contact he had prior to his death in July 2013. Six . police officers involved in the case have all been served notices of . gross misconduct, including an inspector, sergeant and PC involved in . his detention. Avon . and Somerset Chief Constable Nick Gargan has already admitted that . police and other agencies involved had failed Mr Ebrahimi. His family has pleaded with the IPCC to finish the investigation into his death as they cannot wait 'a day longer' for the findings into his murder. On trial: Lee James, pictured left, has pleaded . guilty to the murder of Bijan Ebrahim while Stephen Norley, pictured . right,  pleaded guilty to assisting an offender . Horrific crime: Police officers pictured investigating the scene in Bristol where Bijan Ebrahimi was found burned to death in July this year . They say until the inquiry has come to an end there will be no 'lessons learned by the authorities'. A statement, released by the family solicitor, begged the IPCC to conclude its investigation into the case. They said: 'It is difficult to put into words the family's grief at a blameless man being beaten to death and set on fire in 21st Century England. Wrongly accused: Mr Ebrahimi was attacked outside this building in Bristol after a neighbour who spotted him taking photographs of yobs wrecking his garden wrongly accused him of being a paedophile . Vigilante: Even though Mr Ebrahimi was cleared by police of any wrongdoing, local resident Lee James decided to take the law into his own hands and launched a brutal attack on the 44-year-old . 'Their concern is to ensure that lessons are learned by the authorities so that no other family has to endure this horror. 'Information regarding Bijan's final days and hours is still awaited from the IPCC. 'It would ease the family's pain if they did not have to wait a day longer for this information.'	Bijan Ebrahimi, 44, took pictures of youths vandalising his flower baskets . Police instead arrested him after neighbour reported him as a paedophile . Two days after his release he was murdered by vigilante neighbours . Lee . James, 24, pleaded guilty to murder; Stephen Norley, 24, pleaded guilty to assisting him .
(CNN) -- Could it really be: Might Egypt end up exactly where it began? The decision by an Egyptian court to release former President Hosni Mubarak from prison and place him under house arrest for now adds to the impression that Egypt has come full circle, returning precisely to where it stood before the people toppled Mubarak, bringing an end to his 30-year-long dictatorship. It might seem that way, but that is the wrong conclusion. Egypt is a very different place from what it was before Mubarak fell. And after 2Â½ years of tumultuous upheaval, so, too, is the rest of the Middle East. To say the revolution has not gone as planned is to state the obvious. Mubarak's release is an important and rather disheartening symbol of the reverses faced by those who wanted to see dictatorship replaced by democracy. Since the last day Mubarak was president, Egypt has experienced the toppling of two regimes, a failed attempt at democracy, and an enormous amount of bloodshed. In the process, the country has learned many lessons. The innocence of 2011 is gone. There is a new maturity, a new realism. There's no sign of Jeffersonian democracy anywhere in the Arab Middle East, but there is a new notion that those who govern require the consent of the people before they can enjoy legitimacy in their position. A regime may be able to stay in power without that seal of popular acceptability, but it will be tagged as a dictatorship; it will remain unstable and hated. Its survival will constitute an affront to the dignity of the nation. No government wants to be seen that way. No citizen wants to be ruled that way. The Middle East may not look like what most people wanted it to, but it has been transformed. That's why before the Egyptian military moved in to remove Mohamed Morsy from the presidency, it made sure it had strong popular support. More people signed a petition calling for Morsy to step down than voted for him in the presidential election. Egypt is now governed by a prime minister handpicked by military chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, but el-Sisi relies on public approval in a way Mubarak never did. The situation, to be sure, lends itself to dangerous populist manipulation and nobody would ever confuse the current structure with a democracy, but it includes important elements that could eventually produce a more democratic future. Even now, with the military in control, the notion that the people support the army is el-Sisi's greatest argument in defense of his position. The people have been empowered in a way they never were before. The mindset of those who lived under decades of dictatorship has been changed. Much else has changed. Since the intoxicating optimism of Tahrir Square, people have learned that revolutions are hard to control. The disastrous experiment under the Muslim Brotherhood-dominated government, the economic free fall and the violence Egyptians have endured have offered a stark lesson to Egypt and its neighbors. Those who would like to see more inclusive regimes, more democratic elements of government in other Middle Eastern countries, have watched Egypt. They have also watched the catastrophe that is befalling Syria. The revolutionary drive will now be tempered with cooler calculation. Reform won't come after a few weeks on the square chanting slogans for freedom. Perhaps reformers in Egypt would become more circumspect. True reform will require systematic, gradual plodding. Democracy requires more than elections. Democratic institutions and a democratic mindset must be developed before it can succeed. A foundation of consensus is needed. Another enormous change since the Mubarak days is the transformation of how people in the Middle East perceive key players in the region. The Muslim Brotherhood, for example, has not only lost power -- it also has seen its reputation deeply eroded. It has shown itself as incompetent and untrustworthy in the eyes of many. The Brotherhood's Morsy, elected with only 24% of eligible voters, behaved as if he had an overwhelming mandate. He tried to propel the Muslim Brotherhood's agenda, pushing a constitution written by his Brotherhood allies, appointing Brotherhood members to key positions, allowing an atmosphere of intimidation and persecution against non-Muslims, and trying to put himself above the law. As a result, his initially strong approval ratings fell steadily until millions took to the streets demanding his resignation. Before he was overthrown, 70% of Egyptians told pollsters they worried the Muslim Brotherhood was trying to "Islamicize" the country against their will. The Muslim Brotherhood has now been tested. It failed. That Egyptian experiment will reverberate in a time of turbulence. It's not only the Muslim Brotherhood whose image has changed. Syria's Bashar al-Assad was once viewed as a moderate, even a reformer. With more than 100,000 dead in that country's civil war, he is now viewed as a ruthless dictator, even if the popular uprising against him now includes many Islamist fighters, whose ideology is rejected by supporters of democratic change. The Arab uprisings, even if Mubarak becomes a free man again, have weakened other organizations. Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite group, has tarnished its name by joining the fight on Assad's side. Hamas, the Palestinian version of the Muslim Brotherhood, still has control of the Gaza strip, but it no longer enjoys the support of the bulk of the Egyptian public. It may look as if Mubarak is re-entering the same stage he left; as if nothing had changed. But the former Egyptian president is walking onto a changed world. The last two years have rerouted the course of history. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis.	A court in Egypt ordered the release of former president Hosni Mubarak from jail . Frida Ghitis: Could it really be -- might Egypt end up exactly where it began? She says there's a realization that legitimate rule requires consent of the people . Ghitis: Egypt and the Middle East are not the same as when Mubarak was toppled .
An 11-year-old aboriginal girl with leukemia as died less than a year after refusing chemotherapy. Makayla Sault, an Obijwa girl from New Credit First Nation reserve in Ontario, Canada, suffered a stroke on Sunday and died the following day. The little girl's devastated family released a statement saying the three-month course of chemotherapy in 2014 had damaged her body and that she had been improving with traditional healing methods. Scroll down for video . Visions: Cancer-stricken Makayla Sault, who refused chemotherapy, said Jesus came to her and told her she was healed in this YouTube clip made in May. She died on Monday, her family said in a statement . Her parents, pastors Ken and Sonya Sault, told theTwo Row Times: 'Makayla was on her way to wellness, bravely fighting toward holistic well-being after the harsh side effects that 12 weeks of chemotherapy inflicted on her body. 'Chemotherapy did irreversible damage to her heart and major organs. This was the cause of the stroke. We continue to support Makayla's choice to leave chemotherapy. 'At this time we request privacy from the media while we mourn this tragic loss. Makayla was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) in January 2014 and suffered terrible weakness and nausea from the chemotherapy used to treat the cancer, despite anti-nausea medications. The grueling weeks of the chemo sent her cancer into remission. However doctors said that in order to rid Makayla of the cancer completely, she needed to undergo two years of treatment which would give her a 75 per cent chance of survival. Makayla's parents allowed their daughter to give up the chemo, a move that prompted doctors at McMaster Children's Hospital in Hamilton where Makayla was being treated to alert children's authorities. In May, Makayla read out a letter in a YouTube clip about how chemotherapy was 'killing' her body and that she saw a vision of Jesus who told her she was already healed. Makayla stopped chemo after 12 weeks of treatment when she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) in January 2014 . The Saults took Makayla home, weakened and with a 10lb weight loss, for two weeks to recover after her first treatment. 'I have asked my mom and dad to take me off the treatment because I don't want to go this way anymore. 'I know that what I have can kill me, but I don't want to die in a hospital on chemo,' Mikayla said in the video. During the two weeks respite from chemo, Makayla's parents started her on a different form of treatment, which has left her feeling 'awesome,' she said. 'I wish that the doctors would listen to me, because I live in this body and they don't,' she added. Also during that time, Makayla said she had a vision of Jesus, flanked by two angels, who told her she was already healed, and not to be afraid. According to Two Row Times, the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples asserts that indigenous people have the right to use traditional medicines and health care practices without discrimination. Parents Ken and Sonya Sault said in a statement this week that chemotherapy did irreversible damage to their daughter's heart and major organs .	Makayla Sault, from the New Credit First Nation reserve in Ontario, Canada, suffered a stroke on Sunday and died the following day . Her family said that her body had been damaged by the harsh side-effects of chemo last year . Doctors said with two years of chemo Makayla had a 75 per cent chance of survival . In May, Makayla made a YouTube clip about how chemo was 'killing' her body and she saw a vision of Jesus who told her she was already healed .
John Carver and Steve Stone are set to take caretaker charge of Newcastle United’s next two matches. The Magpies entertain Burnley on New Year’s Day before travelling to Leicester City on Saturday in the third round of the FA Cup. And with Alan Pardew set to be confirmed as Crystal Palace boss later on Tuesday, Carver and Stone were taking training in his absence at Newcastle’s North Tyneside base. Newcastle United assistant manager John Carver (left) and first team coach Steve Stone, pictured ahead of the Capital One Cup third-round match against Crystal Palace in September, will take charge . Carver (left) celebrates with Alan Pardew after Newcastle's victory against Tottenham Hotspur in October . The Geordie duo were left in the dark about the manager’s intention to quit the club and their future remains unknown. Carver has a 100 per cent record as caretaker of his hometown club having overseen a 3-0 win against Blackburn in 2004 in the wake of Sir Bobby Robson’s sacking. Names such as Tony Pulis, Steve McClaren, Steve Bruce and current Newcastle captain Fabricio Coloccini are in the frame to succeed Pardew. Newcastle boss Pardew is expected to be confirmed as Crystal Palace's new manager on Tuesday . Pardew applauds the home crowd after their victory at St James' Park against Everton on Sunday . Pardew played more than 100 games for Palace during a four-year spell at the south London club .	John Carver and Steve Stone are to take caretaker charge of Newcastle . The pair will be in charge for the club's next two matches . Alan Pardew is set to be confirmed as Crystal Palace boss on Tuesday .
Australian shoppers will splurge more than $2 billion on retail therapy if Boxing Day sale predictions pan out. Retailers expect shops around the country will take in more than $16 billion over the next three weeks, including a $2.072 billion boon on Boxing Day alone. If so, it would be the first time Australian shoppers have spent more than $2 billion in a single day. Scroll down for video . If Boxing Day sale predictions come true Australian shoppers will splurge more than $2 billion . Shops around the country will take in more than $16 billion over the next three weeks . Victorian consumers will lead the post-Christmas shopping binge according to the Australian Retailers Association, spending about $682 million on Boxing Day while NSW is expected to fork out $584 million. ARA executive director Russell Zimmerman slammed 'ludicrous' retail regulations in New South Wales (NSW) preventing shops outside the city's CBD from opening their doors early on Boxing Day. 'NSW is Australia's most populous state, and yet Victoria easily takes the cake when it comes to expected Boxing Day sales,' Mr Zimmerman said on Thursday. 'This equals a $98 million loss of trade to NSW retailers, with absurd and outdated trading restrictions largely to blame.' Shoppers in Victoria are set to lead the post-Christmas shopping binge . Victoria: $682,838,897 . New South Wales: $584,830,927 . Queensland: $374,767,893 . Western Australia: $194,085,804 . South Australia: $112,055,064 . Tasmania: $50,505,201 . Australian Capital Territory: $47,717,228 . Northern Territory: $25,413,445 . 'Consumers can buy online 24/7 but many bricks and mortar stores are still unable to open on, what is for many, the largest trading day of the year.' Australian shoppers aged 14 or older will spend an average of $850 each between Boxing Day and January 15. Shopping centres are going to be opening their doors earlier than usual on Boxing Day to accommodate the influx of shoppers, with David Jones stores in Sydney and Melbourne CBDs opening at 5am. Australian shoppers aged 14 or older will spend an average of $850 each between Boxing Day and January 15 . Retail regulations in NSW is preventing shops outside the city's CBD from opening their doors early on Boxing Day .	Retailers expect shops around the country to take in more than $16 billion over the next three weeks . Victoria is the state where people will spend the most when it comes to Boxing Day sales . Australian shoppers aged 14 or older will spend an average of $850 each between Boxing Day and January 15 . Shopping centres are opening their doors earlier on Boxing Day to accommodate the influx of shoppers .
(CNN) -- Tracey Madigan was looking forward to watching hockey games at the Olympics with her three kids this year. Now, she's scrambling to cancel their plane tickets because Sochi just doesn't seem safe. Growing security concerns surrounding the Games, she says, made her rethink the family vacation plans she made months ago. "We wanted to do it to be a cultural learning experience for the kids," she says, "and now that's not worth the risk." It's a worry many people are weighing as warnings about the possibility of terrorists targeting the Sochi games grew this week. Athletes say they're still eager to compete in the Games, which are less than three weeks away. Organizers say they're confident officials have a handle on the situation. And Russia's leaders say they've stepped up security around the area in a "Ring of Steel" that attackers won't penetrate. But those reassurances haven't stopped serious concerns about safety among spectators, competitors and security analysts. Warnings fuel travel fears . After decades of hearing about the Olympics from afar as her husband helped cover them for a French-Canadian television network, Madigan decided this was the year for the family to fly from Washington, D.C., to Sochi and join him. She started worrying when she learned about last month's terrorist attacks in Volgograd, Russia, which killed more than 30 people, but she tried to tamp down her concerns. A U.S. State Department travel alert earlier this month convinced her that the situation was serious. The wording of the alert, which calls large-scale public events like the Olympics "an attractive target for terrorists," and mentions previous attacks in Russia was strong enough to make Madigan decide to back out. "It's an official voice telling you that yes, your fears are right. ... OK, it's not just me. There's another voice, a voice with some gravitas saying, 'Be careful out there.'" And the potential security threats seem to be mounting, Madigan said. "It hasn't stopped," she said. "Over the past couple of days, it's continuing." So while news reports surged this week about new threats to the games, a wanted terror suspect on the loose and warships readying to evacuate U.S. citizens if necessary, Madigan has been canceling plane tickets. Taking her kids to Sochi, she said, is out of the question. "We fear not only for their safety, but also the repercussions that it would have if they were in the part of the world that experienced something horrible ... and just the logistics of getting out of there," she said. Security concerns like Madigan's are cited by some as a reason for sluggish Olympics ticket sales -- though vendors in the United States told CNN that demand is "at expected levels" and that last-minute sales will likely surge in Russia. Organizers in Russia said last week that around 30% of available tickets still hadn't been purchased, the Russian RIA Novosti news agency reported. If those seats remain unsold, Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested volunteers might fill the remaining spots in the stands. 'I'm definitely going to be vigilant' Canadian Domenico Ciarallo said he has no plans to give up his tickets, but he's worried about security, too. He was watching TV with his mother in Montreal when news broke of last month's bombing at the Volgograd train station, a transit hub 400 miles way from Sochi. "She looked at me and she said, 'You're not going to Sochi. I lost your father, I'm not losing one of my kids.'" But Ciarallo said he didn't cancel his trip, despite his mother's concerns. He regularly travels around the world on business trips and knows that there's no predicting danger. "Anything can happen on a plane or train or automobile. I don't live by that," he said. "For sure, I'm worried. It's obviously a concern. But you know what, I'm definitely going to be vigilant, and keep my eyes open around me, and be aware of my surroundings." In the meantime, he's looking forward to staying on a cruise ship docked alongside the coastal city and picking up his spectator pass so he can take in as many events as he can. As part of the stepped up security measures for this year's games, Russia required visitors to provide photos, passport information and ticket numbers in advance to receive the passes. That, Ciarallo said, shows how serious they are about keeping the Games safe. "I'm probably 95% excited and nervous, and maybe 5% scared," he said. "I think once we get there, I think that kind of fear will start to recede. I think you really have to hit the ground running and see." Coach: Athletes must 'try and fight through' fears . Tara Lipinski, who won a gold medal in figure skating in the 1998 Winter Olympics and will be attending this year's games as a commentator for NBC, said she feels safe, despite the warnings. "You can't take this lightly. But at the same time, being at the Olympics, I have never experienced security that high. So hopefully that will put these athletes at ease," she told CNN Monday. "I'm hoping that the atmosphere is not overshadowed by this." Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien, who will serve as assistant coach for Canada's men's hockey team, told ESPN this week that he's determined to push forward. "There's no doubt that what's happened lately is certainly -- (terrorists are) trying to obviously shake us and probably in a lot of cases they are succeeding. But ... we have to try and fight through that," he said. "At the same time, you have to hope that the people in charge are doing the best they can. There's never any guarantees in this life and you'd like to make it as safe as possible. That's basically all I can say, because my job is to go there and help coach a team and hope that the people in charge of that are going to do the best job they can and make it a successful Olympics." Security has also become a top concern for journalists covering the Olympics this year, said NBC Special Correspondent Meredith Vieira, who will be cohosting the network's coverage of the opening ceremony. "We had a lot of conversations at NBC News about it and (NBC) Sports, and after a certain point, it's a bit of a leap of faith, you know," she told CNN's "Piers Morgan Live." "You hope that the security is there. I hope that they (the Russians) share information more than they have with the U.S. Right now, that's kind of a rough point. But I'm going. And you know, they talk about that 'Ring of Steel,' and I hope it's there." Analysts: Sochi faces unique risk . The Olympics are expected to bring 6,000 athletes from 85 countries to Sochi. And throngs of spectators are expected to watch from the stands, with nearly 40,000 security officers standing guard. It's nothing new to worry about security at the Olympics or any major sporting event. And authorities have vowed for months that safety is a top priority. But the situation is different in Sochi, some security experts say, particularly with recent terrorist attacks elsewhere in the country. "The threats have been backed up with incidents, with attacks," said Carl Herron, a former crisis response agent for the FBI who was at the London and Turin Olympics. "The percentage of something happening from here on is probably high. It can happen two days before the Olympics start, or it can happen today, so that really escalates the intensity of the security apparatus." Terror analysts say Sochi is uniquely at risk because Islamic militant hotbeds are within the country -- leaving the Olympics closer than ever to danger. "This group does not have to fly in from the Middle East or North Africa or Asia or some remote location," former FBI assistant director Tom Fuentes said. "They are already in the neighborhood." CNN's Phil Black and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report.	Warnings about terrorists targeting the Sochi Games spur worries about security . A mother says she's canceling Olympic travel plans because she fears for her kids' safety . Another traveler says he's worried, but plans to be vigilant when he attends the Games . Skating analyst Tara Lipinski: "I'm hoping that the atmosphere is not overshadowed by this"
'Steady, loving confrontation.' Those were the first words Lynda Blackmon Lowery says she heard from the mouth of Martin Luther King, Jr. 'And those three words changed my life,' said Lowery, who at 15 was the youngest person to join King for the 1965 march from the Alabama cities of Selma to Montgomery, demanding voting rights for African-Americans. On Sunday in New York, the now 64-year-old mother and grandmother showed the scar she still bears on the back of her head from a brutal beating at the hands of an Alabama state trooper during an earlier march when she was 14. Scroll down for video . Sharing history: Lynda Blackmon Lowery speaks during a pre-Martin Luther King Day appearance at the New York Historical Society, Sunday in New York . It took 28 stitches to close the gash, and seven more for a cut above her right eye. Lowery spoke at the New-York Historical Society on the eve of Monday's federal holiday marking King's birthday. The audience represented all races and ages, including children who sidled up to her for photos, peppering her with questions like, faced with the brutality, 'Why didn't you fight back?' She explained that they would have been killed if they did — unarmed, confronting 'a sea of white men on foot and horseback,' armed with rifles, bayonets, billy clubs and fierce dogs, plus tear gas. 'It was terrifying,' she said. A month earlier, activist Jimmie Lee Jackson was beaten and shot by a state trooper. His death inspired three marches from Selma to the state capital of Montgomery. On Aug. 6, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law. By the time she was 15, Lowery had been jailed nine times. White officers used clubs and tear gas on March 7, 1965 — 'Bloody Sunday' — to rout marchers intent on walking some 50 miles to Montgomery, the Alabama capital, to seek the right for blacks to register to vote. King led a new march later that month that reached Montgomery, with the crowd swelling to 25,000. Four months after the historic march President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Demonstrators, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., stream over an Alabama River bridge at the city limits of Selma, Alabama, in this March 10, 1965 file photo, during a voter rights march . Martin Luther King leads march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, March 1965 . Martin Luther King leads march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, March 1965. Four months after the historic march President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . But there were moments of comic relief. Flashing a warm smile, she recounted how when she and her young friends were released from the 'sweatbox' — a windowless, sweltering hot cell — police asked them to sign their names for the record. 'We wrote, 'Mickey Mouse, Mini Mouse, Pluto'...' she said, grinning mischievously. King is at the core of Lowery's memoir, titled 'Turning 15 on the Road to Freedom.' It was published in early January as Americans packed theaters to watch the film 'Selma' about the early civil rights movement. The movie has been nominated for two Oscars, in the categories of best picture and best original song. Blackmon, who spoke about her memoir Turning 15 on the Road to Freedom, was the youngest person to join Martin Luther King Jr. for the nonviolent 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama . Lynda Blackmon Lowery autographs her book during a pre-Martin Luther King Day appearance at the New York Historical Society . Timely: King is at the core of Lowery's memoir, titled 'Turning 15 on the Road to Freedom.' It was published in early January as Americans packed theaters to watch the film 'Selma' Lowery said she went to see it, but had to leave during the scene in which troopers and police attacked protesters at a march dubbed 'Bloody Sunday' that preceded the famed, peaceful one to Montgomery on March 21, 1965. During the earlier march, authorities ordered several hundred marchers to stop at a bridge outside Selma. And when they quietly kept walking, the authorities viciously attacked. 'I just couldn't watch it,' said Lowery. After that day, she said she had to fight her fear to join the bigger march 'because I was sure they would kill me.' An exhibit highlighting this transformational moment in American history is up through July at the New-York Historical Society. Lowery, who lives in Selma, said that even today, 'you have the ability to change something each day of your life.' Terrified: Lowery recalled marching unarmed, confronting 'a sea of white men on foot and horseback,' armed with rifles, bayonets, billy clubs and fierce dogs, plus tear gas .	Lynda Blackmon Lowery, now a 64-year-old grandmother, recalls an atmosphere both fearful and hopeful in the Alabama protest . Lowery, whose memoir Turning 15 on the Road to Freedom was published this month, had been jailed 9 times by age 15 .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:03 EST, 25 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:51 EST, 25 September 2013 . Basil the African Grey parrot should have been a prized exotic addition to any pet lover's home. However, his new owners' pride soon turned to shock after he began hurling swear words at them - in a Welsh accent. Sarah Fisk, 34, was thrilled when she brought Basil back to her house in Bristol and he greeted her with a polite 'hello'. That was where the niceties ended, . however, as the bird began chirruping a string of expletives before . telling her, 'I'm in the Valleys.' Sarah and Adam Fisk were left stunned when Basil the African Grey Parrot began swearing at them in a Welsh accent just hours after arriving at their home in Bristol . The care worker said: 'It was quite shocking the first time he did it. I didn’t quite believe my ears. He settled in so quickly and was obviously making himself at home. ‘His accent is so strong sometimes that we aren’t sure what he is saying, but it definitely sounds Welsh. And when he says the swear words, that is in a distinctive Welsh accent.’ Basil had previously lived in the Vale of Glamorgan, and his owners had admitted to Mrs Fisk that he had picked up some colourful language. Proud Polly: Basil the parrot remained true to his Welsh roots by declaring to his new owners: 'I'm in the Valleys' The mother-of-three adds: 'His previous owners had said he had sworn in the past, but I thought that a change of scenery would leave that behind - not a chance.' The parrot, originally native to the rainforests of West and Central Africa, then caused Sarah and her husband Adam, 39, even more trouble when he escaped out of a window while they were cleaning his cage. After launching a missing poster campaign, the couple found Basil safe and well three days later at a nearby vets, where he had a new target for his foul-mouthed rants. Mandy Stone, veterinary manager at the RSPCA Bristol Clinic, said: ‘He kept calling the nurses t*****s and there were a few other phrases he used that I won’t repeat. It was quite shocking. The bolshy bird caused more trouble for his new owners after escaping. He turned up at a nearby vets, where he had also targeted nurses with his foul mouth . ‘He was very quiet and shy for the first day, but then all of a sudden he started talking and rather surprised us with his adult vocabulary. ‘He also whistled the McDonalds tune and he danced for us when we asked him to, so we forgave his bad manners.’ Despite the nurses eventually coming round to Basil's lewd ways, Mrs Fisk admits the debacle left her red-faced. She adds: 'I had to apologise for his bad manners when I collected him. It seems that when he is being left on his own away from humans he gets quite angry and swears even more. ‘He doesn’t like to be ignored, especially if you are eating something he likes, like chocolate. He just says ‘chocolate, chocolate, chocolate’ over and over until you give him some. He loves the stuff. ‘He gets quite upset if you say no. He really can be a diva.’	Basil the parrot began hurling expletives hours after moving into his new home in Bristol . Sarah and Adam Fisk had been warned by previous owners that he knew a 'couple of swear words' Proud bird boasted of his Welsh roots, saying: 'I'm in the Valleys' Caused further drama by escaping - before insulting nurses at nearby vets .
Washington (CNN) -- Warren Buffett is so sure that Hillary Clinton will win the presidency in 2016, he is willing to wager some of his $58.2 billion net worth. "Hillary is going to win, yeah," Buffett, a outspoken Clinton supporter, said at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit. "I will bet money on it. And I don't do that easily." But while Clinton has said she is thinking about running for president, she has yet to announce. Buffett suggested on Tuesday that her announcement is a forgone conclusion. "Hillary is going to run," said the chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway, later adding that "she is going to announce as late as possible." "I don't see how you could have anybody better qualified," Buffett told CNN's Poppy Harlow in an interview. "I like what she believes in. ... I think she's extraordinarily able and energetic for that matter in pushing those beliefs." Buffett has long supported Clinton -- he donated $2,000 to her Senate campaign in 2000. But the investor from Omaha, Nebraska, supported Clinton and then-Sen. Barack Obama in their fight for the Democratic nomination in 2008. Buffett was less sure about which Republicans would run for president, he said at the fortune event. "I don't know," he said. "Her opponent will be whoever wins the Republican primary and there are going to be a lot of people who want to do it."	Buffett told an audience, "Hillary is going to win, yeah" He is so sure of it, he was willing to bet: "I will bet money on it. And I don't do that easily" Buffett supported both Obama and Clinton in 2008 .
New direction: Tory MP Nadhim Zahawi believes the all illegal immigrants should be given an amnesty to remain in the country . All illegal immigrants in Britain should be granted an amnesty to stay in the country, a Tory MP has said. Nadhim Zahawi, MP for Stratford-Upon-Avon, argued that the move makes sense economically and that a 'seismic' shift in policy is needed for the Conservatives to attract votes among minority groups. But it would represent a major switch in political direction for the party. Earlier this week Chancellor George Osborne announced that immigrants who claim benefits will have to learn English or see their handouts docked. Mr Zahawi told The Independent: 'We shouldn't be afraid to think outside our comfort zone. Our failure to appeal to ethnic minorities should send loud alarm bells ringing in Downing Street and Central Office. 'Unless we act now this electoral penalty will only get worse.' The Tories won just 16 per cent of the non-white vote at the election in 2010. Lord Ashcroft is among those who has told David Cameron he must do more to woo the ethnic vote. He recently released details of a . poll showing that ethnic minority voters share the Tory creed that ‘if . you work hard, it is possible to be very successful in Britain’. But when asked which party shares their values, they opt for Labour by a margin of more than two to one. The offer of an . amnesty to illegal immigrants was a manifesto pledge of the Lib Dems at . the last election but was dramatically ditched by leader Nick Clegg . earlier this year. He said the policy risked undermining public confidence in the . entire immigration system. Conflict: London Mayor Boris Johnson, left, is a long-term supporter of an amnesty for illegal immigrants but Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, right, recently ditched his party's support for the policy . The Deputy Prime Minister instead . unveiled new plans to force foreigners arriving in Britain from ‘high . risk countries’ to pay a bond of more than £1,000 which will only be . repaid when they leave. However, the London Mayor Boris Johnson has been a long-term supporter of an amnesty for an estimated half a million immigrants in the UK. Mr Johnson claims an amnesty would help the economy and the Treasury . by allowing huge numbers of illegal immigrants to work openly and to pay . tax and national insurance - a position supported by some union bosses . and church leaders. A study commissioned by Mr Johnson from the . London School of Economics estimates there are 618,000 illegal . immigrants in the UK, of which 442,000  - almost three quarters - live . in the capital. But other senior Tories have said that such an offer would send out a message to immigrants that it is possible to enter the country illegally and stay forever. Sir Andrew Green, of the campaign group MigrationWatch, said opinion . polls showed 70 per cent of the public oppose an immigration amnesty.	Nadhim Zahawi says amnesty makes political and economic sense . 'We shouldn't be afraid to think outside our comfort zone,' he says . Tories won just 16 per cent of non-white vote at 2010 election .
'Real women do curse. They sleep around, they use drugs, they do all sorts of different things and some of them are good mothers and some are bad mothers. They are multi-faceted.' Surprising words, you might think, for the woman still best known as a ditzy law student in Legally Blonde. But then the latest Hollywood epic, Wild, is new territory for Reese Witherspoon. Based on a best-selling 2012 book of the same name, the £30 million film is the remarkable story of how writer Cheryl Strayed set off on a 1,100-mile hike to 'find herself' after a bitter divorce and the death of her mother. Scroll down for video . Reese Witherspoon is starring in Hollywood epic, Wild, based on a 2012 book which follows to real-life story of how Cheryl Strayed set off on a 1,100-mile hike to 'find herself' The book chronicles Strayed's descent into heroin abuse, nights of casual sex – and how she 'emotionally rebuilt' herself during her epic journey. The film is tipped to earn Witherspoon her second Oscar. She says: 'After Cheryl's mother died, she was very self-destructive. She was married but she slept around. She had no respect for her husband and she had no respect for herself. 'She was so angry and in such pain that she wanted to do anything to help herself feel alive – that included having sex with strangers, doing drugs, putting herself in dangerous situations.' While the book and film closely guard the identity of the husband whose rejection prompted the marathon walk – both refer to him simply as 'Paul' – The Mail on Sunday can today reveal that he is 48-year-old baker Marco Littig. Witherspoon said writer Cheryl Strayed (right) was 'self-destructive' after the death of her mother, pictured at the premiere at the 58th BFI London Film Festival . Littig, now a happily married father-of-two living in rural Missoula, Montana, walked out on Strayed after she admitted repeatedly cheating on him. In his first ever interview about his famous former wife, he told the MoS that he held no grudges against her – but added that the painful disintegration of a marriage described in the book is all true. He said Cheryl and her family 'collapsed' after her mother died. 'We were just 21 when we married. We were much too young and we shouldn't have got married,' said Marco. 'I was the administrator, the caretaker. It was after [her mother] died that Cheryl started seeing other guys. It was the catalyst for a lot of what followed,' he explained. The film follows the story of how Strayed sets out to hike the Pacific Crest Trail all on her own after the breakdown of her marriage . 'She takes risks,' he said of Cheryl. 'She always took risks with her writing and she's an incredibly intelligent person. She just fell into this deep hole. Her perception was true and strong.' The last time Marco and Cheryl spoke was 16 years ago when she called up wondering if they could be friends again. He says he didn't see the need. Indeed, as the years went by, he was barely aware of Cheryl's book. 'My parents called and told me that Cheryl had written a book and that I was all over it. That was about six weeks after it had been published. I always figured that at some point in time I was going to end up somewhere in her writing.' 'I'm OK with it,' he said. 'I don't have a problem with what she's written. It was all true. It was very gracious.' The book was a New York Times bestseller and a selection for Oprah Winfrey's Book Club. It chronicles Strayed's descent into heroin abuse, nights of casual sex – and how she 'emotionally rebuilt' herself during her epic journey . Few outside his close family and friends know Marco is 'Paul'. But his hopes of remaining one step ahead of the past faded once Reese Witherspoon signed on to star as his ex-wife in the Hollywood version of her story. While Strayed, 46, has always refused to identify 'Paul', she spoke briefly about her guilt over the breakdown of their relationship in a recent interview saying: 'It was just so, so ugly and painful. 'I was tormented by it. I was devastated by the fact that I felt this deep need to leave the one person who was there for me.' Witherspoon, 38, who both stars in and produces the new movie, admitted to the MoS that the role had been emotionally and physically tough. 'Usually I can go in and out of a character, but this one was very difficult,' she said. 'I got quite angry and bitter and got into the 'don't give me any crap' attitude. After a while, my husband was like, 'Whoa! Are you still Cheryl right now? Because you do not sound like yourself.' And he said, 'OK… I love Cheryl, she's amazing, but I am going to be really happy when this movie is over.' 'I consider Cheryl a very dear friend now. But parts of her book were not easy to read and when we made the film I had to make the choice to tell all the parts, not just the ones that would make us like her, or it would just be a movie about a girl taking a walk. Witherspoon, 38, who both stars in and produces the new movie, admitted that the role had been emotionally and physically tough . 'And trust me, there were scenes in the movie that I did not want to do. There was one particular sex scene that I was dreading. 'The day before, I was calling Cheryl saying: 'I cannot believe I have to do that sex scene tomorrow.' She said, 'Reese, I'm sorry I was such a slut in the Nineties.' Witherspoon is convinced that how women are portrayed in films is changing. 'Twenty years ago, I used to sit in meetings with studio heads and they'd say, 'Well, this character mustn't curse. That's really not very likeable.' 'We don't have that idea of what a woman is any more: Is she good or is she bad? It's much more complex. 'I have had my own set of problems in life, some of which people know about and some people don't. 'But what I have learned from them is that there are times when you realise that no one is coming in to save you. You have to save yourself. No mother or father or relationship or baby is going to fix your problems. You have to find the inner strength to look after yourself.' The film didn't just take an emotional toll. 'In most movies where you carry a backpack, it's just filled with newspaper but this one was really heavy,' she laughed. 'Plus, the first few days were really cold and I had to wear shorts and a T-shirt and they had to spray me with water to look like I was sweating – and all the while, the guys on the other side of the camera were in hats and parkas and looking cosy while I was walking along pretending not to be shivering. 'About three days into the shoot, my shoulders hurt so bad and were so sore and I was freezing cold, and I called my husband and was sobbing, 'Oh, this movie is so hard! It's so cold!' He said, 'OK, honey, when you option a book called Wild about a woman who hikes 1,000 miles through the wilderness by herself… did you think it was going to be a super-easy, fun shoot?' 'I said - I know, shut up.'	Reese Witherspoon starring in Hollywood epic, Wild, based on 2012 book . Follows real-life story of Cheryl Strayed who set off on a 1,100-mile hike . She wanted to 'find herself' after bitter divorce and the death of her mother . Chronicles descent into heroin abuse and nights of casual sex . The remarkable film is tipped to earn Witherspoon her second Oscar .
When Juventus' long wait for a Serie A crown ended this month, it focused attention on the corruption scandals which have blighted Italian football in recent years. The Turin giants were stripped of the titles won in 2005 and 2006 and relegated to Serie B because of their involvement, along with several other top clubs, in match fixing. The "Calciopoli" affair saw former Juventus managing director Luciano Moggi banned for life by the Italian football authorities, and he is still facing criminal proceedings for sporting fraud. But while those successes were expunged from the record books, Juventus president Andrea Agnelli has told CNN that they still count for everyone involved with the club -- making it 30 Scudettos overall, not 28. After clinching the title two weeks ago with victory over Atlanta, a sign displaying the number 30 appeared at the entrance to Juve's new stadium, which has been used for the first time this season. "Well for the official records it's the 28th, for every single Juventina (Juventus fan) in the world it's the 30th," said the 36-year-old Agnelli, the fourth member of the famous family which owns car manufacturer FIAT to take the helm at Juventus. "It's a very tough matter, I would say. One of the privileges of managing Juventus is managing people's dreams and emotions -- in our emotions and our feelings we have 30." Three stars controversy . Reports in Italy also claim that Juventus players will have three stars embroidered inside their official club badges on shirts to be worn next season. The tradition of depicting a star for every 10 championships won was started by Agnelli's father Umberto, a legendary former Juventus president. The move could put the club at odds with the Italian football federation (FIGC) at a time when another potential match-fixing scandal has been made public. The FIGC said in a statement last month that nine former Bari players were under investigation for the "alleged fixing of nine matches in last season's Serie A championship." Former Bari defender Andrea Masiello -- now playing for Atalanta -- was arrested as part of the probe which also implicated eight of his former teammates. In August 2011, former Atalanta captain and Italian international midfielder Cristiano Doni was banned for three and a half years for his part in the "Calcioscommesse" match-fixing and betting scandal involving Serie B matches. It left Atalanta, who were promoted from Serie B, with a six point penalty at the start of this year's Serie A season. Three stars on their shirts or otherwise, Agnelli, who took over the helm two years ago, is on a mission to restore his club's reputation as a major force. Statistically the most successful team in Italian football history, Juve also won the European title in 1985 and 1996. Champions League hopes . Not content with going unbeaten through the Serie A season under coach Antonio Conte, Agnelli believes the Bianconeri can win the Champions League in their first appearance in the competition since the 2009-10 season. "It's never too early," he said. "Juventus takes part in every single competition with ambitions of winning it." The only blot on this season's copybook came in the final match, as an unbeaten 43-game run ended in the Coppa Italia final on Sunday. A 2-0 defeat to Napoli meant disappointment for Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero in the final match of his 19-year career with the club. It was a bitter pill to swallow, but Agnelli is philosophical about the defeat. "If they would have asked me in September, 'At the end of the year you win the Scudetto but lose the Coppa Italia final,' I would have signed a hundred times no question about it, so we're extremely proud of what we've done," he said. "I think it's been an extraordinary result, let's say we've just missed a little topping on the cake and we might leave that for next year." Agnelli appointed former Juve player Conte after sacking Luigi Delneri as coach in May 2011 and it proved a master stroke. But Agnelli -- a graduate of Britain's prestigious Oxford University -- has had to overhaul the team and the club's commercial operations in order to compete with leading Europe rivals. "There's been a lot of changes," Agnelli admitted. "What I've tried to do is to revive the pride of being at Juventus. We're all extremely proud that we've achieved that in only two years." Star quality . Working with Conte, Agnelli has placed the emphasis on youth and players who are on the upward curve in their careers. "We might not be full of stars but we're full of "wannabe" stars. He cites Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal as an example: "He is going to become a star -- he's 24, he's got over 40 caps for his national team, he can be a star." But Agnelli also credited his more senior players such as goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who stayed with the club despite the relegation, and has special praise for retiring fans' favorite Del Piero. "I think Alessandro, as I've said many times, will always represent Juventus," he said. "He's been our captain for 10 years and what a finale -- lifting the trophy, that's an amazing story. I think we always have to be grateful to him."	Juventus president Andrea Agnelli claims the Turin giants have won 30 Serie A titles . Club stripped of two Scudettos in 2005 and 2006 in the Italian match-fixing scandal . A sign displaying the number 30 has appeared at the the new stadium in Turin . Agnelli wants the club to become a major force again in European football .
Scot Young, pictured with former girlfriend Noelle Reno, left an NHS mental health facility hours before he fell to his death from a flat . Doctors face an inquiry into the death of tycoon Scot Young after it emerged he left an NHS mental health facility just hours before he fell 60ft from a flat. Mr Young, 52, who was involved in one of Britain’s most notorious divorce cases, landed on metal railings outside a £3million apartment earlier this month. It has emerged that he had admitted himself to the NHS Gordon Hospital in central London on December 5. The facility specialises in treating the most severe mental health problems and its website says it only admits patients who are ‘in an acute phase of a serious mental illness’. But Mr Young walked out on December 8 and was dead hours later, after showing up at his ex-girlfriend’s apartment and warning he was going to jump. Health workers were obliged to contact him within 24 hours for a check-up, but he was dead by the time they called. Doctors were accused of failing Mr Young, who had twice previously been sectioned under the Mental Health Act and was taking prescription medication for bipolar disorder. His family is furious that he was allowed to leave the facility when he was apparently acting ‘manic’ and ‘crazy’. But as Mr Young had not been sectioned, hospital staff could not force him to stay. The NHS has begun an investigation to find out why he was discharged. James Creed, one of Mr Young’s closest friends, said: ‘He was in a mental home. He was in the same place two years ago, it’s a horrible place. He called me when he was there, every day. Then he called me on the Monday and said he was coming out. I don’t know why.’ Mr Young, a former fixer to the super rich, was found impaled on railings outside a flat in Montagu Square, Marylebone. He was one of Britain’s wealthiest men, with a fortune of up to £2billion, luxury properties in Surrey, Mayfair, Knightsbridge and Miami, a collection of supercars and a private jet. But he became embroiled in one of the most high profile divorces ever seen in the UK, with former wife Michelle, 50, accusing him of hiding millions from her and their two daughters. He claimed he had lost all his money in a Russian property deal but she demanded £300million, saying he was worth ‘a few billion’. Scroll down for video . The tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings (pictured) Doctors were accused of failing Mr Young, who had twice previously been sectioned under the Mental Health Act and was taking prescription medication for bipolar disorder . The businessman, a friend of Topshop mogul Sir Philip Green and late Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky, was last November ordered to pay her £20million, plus £6million in legal costs. He was also jailed for refusing to reveal how much money he was worth. After his release, Mr Young became engaged to 31-year-old American fashion designer and TV presenter Noelle Reno. She was a star of the Bravo reality show Ladies of London. But he was apparently drinking heavily and using cocaine, and she split up with him a few months ago. When Miss Reno arrived home on December 8, she found him inside apparently ‘manic, crazy and probably high’ and she demanded he leave, friends said. She allegedly walked out and called the police to remove him, while he phoned her, saying he was going to jump out of the window. By the time police arrived, he was dead. Mr Young previously claimed he had been followed by private detectives hired by his ex-wife. ‘In the condition I am in, paranoia can manifest in many ways, especially when you have eight people following you,’ he said. ‘I spent 14 days in hospital under the Mental Health Act … It was not a nice experience.’ Young had admitted himself to the NHS Gordon Hospital (pictured) in central London, but walked out on the day of his death . Police insist Mr Young’s death is not being treated as suspicious but there has been much speculation, including claims he was linked to the notorious Adams crime family. Friends also claimed he was targeted by Russian mafia who had previously dangled him out of a window at the Dorchester Hotel, Park Lane. One said he was the fifth member of a ‘ring of death’ – five friends who have died in unusual circumstances in recent years – including TV star Trinny Woodall’s ex-husband Johnny Elichaoff, millionaire property tycoon Robert Curtis, who dated model Caprice, entrepreneur Paul Castle and Mr Berezovsky. An inquest into Mr Young’s death was adjourned on Tuesday and will resume next month. A spokesman for Central and North West London NHS Foundation Trust said: ‘We are also investigating his care and his mutually agreed discharge from the ward to home.’ The Russian exile who fled for Britain fearing for his life . Oligarch Boris Berezovsky was found dead in the bathroom of his Berkshire home in March last year – after fleeing Russia fearing for his life. The 67-year-old businessman amassed a huge fortune after the Soviet Union collapsed and state assets were privatised. But after a high profile falling out with Russian President Vladimir Putin, he was granted political asylum in the UK in 2003. During his life, Mr Berezovsky survived many assassination attempts, including a bomb which decapitated his chauffeur. In 2012, he lost a £3 billion damages claim against Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich in 2012, after which he told family members he feared he had been poisoned. Mr Berezovsky was also one of the investors who, alongside Scot Young, lost a lot of money in a mysterious property deal in Russia named ‘Project Moscow’. In March, he was found hanged by a scarf and police investigated possible foul play. It was later declared that there had been no sign of a struggle – even though an expert speaking at the inquest into his death said he could not have killed himself. Professor Bernd Brinkmann, who deals with hanging and asphyxiation cases, claimed the marks on the oligarch’s neck indicated he had been killed. Mr Berezovsky was more likely to have been strangled by someone else and then hanged from the shower rail in the bathroom, he said. His daughter Elizaveta Berezovskaya told the inquest she feared he was assassinated for warning that Mr Putin was a ‘danger to the world’. Trinny’s Woodall's ex who friends 'cannot comprehend' would kill himself . Financial adviser Johnny Elichaoff, who used to be married to TV presenter Trinny Woodall, died last month after falling from the roof of a London shopping centre. The 55-year-old was a drummer and managed rock bands such as Fairground Attraction before getting involved in business. He became friendly with Scot Young through his work as a financial advisor but had also hit hard times – first divorcing his TV presenter wife in 2009, before more recently being forced to sell his businesses. Just weeks before his death at Whiteleys shopping centre in west London, he had been talked down from the same roof. Friends said they were devastated, but could not comprehend that he would have wanted to take his own life. The tycoon who dated Caprice but lost it all and fell under Tube train . Millionaire property tycoon Robert Curtis is another friend of Young’s who was killed in recent years. The 47-year-old businessman, who used to date model Caprice, died after being hit by a train in North West London two years ago. He had made his money in the 2000s alongside Mr Young in the London property market and was known for his lavish lifestyle, expensive cars and designer wardrobe. At the height of his success, he was the director of 15 firms and worked from an office in upmarket St John’s Wood, near Lord’s cricket ground, while being chauffeured in a Rolls Royce with a personalised number plate. The money suddenly dried up in recent years, though, and he faced huge debts. All but one of his companies folded. Before his death, the father-of-one had moved out of home and was living in a Travelodge hotel in Whetstone, North London. He had £25 cash in his pocket when he was killed by a southbound Jubilee Line train at Kingsbury station in North West London. The polo fan who played with Prince Charles and died near his London office . Entrepreneur Paul Castle also died after being hit by a Tube train. The tycoon, 54, had come from little money and had few qualifications but managed to make a fortune in property and flew between homes in the UK, France and Switzerland in his private plane. Mixing with elite crowds, he boasted of playing polo with Prince Charles and was photographed shaking hands with the Queen after the match. The father-of-two had been married three times and was due to marry his fourth wife but was apparently hit badly by the recession. Mr Castle, who is said to have socialised with Mr Young at London’s exclusive Cipriani restaurant, was killed in 2010. He was found under a carriage at Bond Street, near his London office. The lawyer who foresaw his death days before fatal helicopter crash . High-flying lawyer Stephen Curtis was killed in a mysterious helicopter crash near Bournemouth in 2004. Mr Curtis, said to have been worth £100million, told a friend just a week before he died: 'If anything happens to me in the next few weeks, it will not be an accident.' Scotland Yard said there were no suspicious circumstances at the time and referred the deaths of Mr Curtis and pilot Max Radford, 34, to a coroner, who ruled he lost his bearings in torrid weather. But the family of Mr Radford say Russian oligarchs were behind the crash which killed the pair. Mr Radford's mother, Gloria, 72, said: 'It was no pilot error - that is balderdash.' Father-of-one Mr Curtis, 45, is said to have lost much of his fortune after investing in Project Moscow.	Scot Young left a mental hospital hours before he fell 60ft from a flat . Doctors face inquiry for letting the tycoon, 52, walk out of the facility . Staff were obliged to call him within 24 hours but by then he was dead . Young was apparently acting ‘manic’ and ‘crazy’ when he left the hospital . He was one of Britain’s wealthiest men, with a fortune of up to £2billion . Police insist Mr Young’s death is not being treated as suspicious . But friends say former fixer to super rich was targeted by Russian mafia .
By . Phil Vinter and Laura Cox . PUBLISHED: . 04:59 EST, 16 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:53 EST, 17 November 2012 . Prince Charles burst into an impromptu dance on a walkabout yesterday – and earned unexpected praise from the harshest judge on Strictly Come Dancing. Craig Revel Horwood gave Charles seven out of ten for his efforts. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, both fans of the BBC1 show, put their best feet forward on the final stop of their Diamond Jubilee Pacific tour. Scroll down for video . Having a ball: Prince Charles displays a broad smile as he gives the . crowd gathered in the centre of earthquake-hit Christchurch a dancing . masterclass alongside psychology student Lisa Shannon . The royal couple were visiting . Christchurch, New Zealand, when they joined a group of locals jiving to . Forties swing music on a coin-operated ‘dance-o-mat’ stage. The dancefloor is a pop-up facility, created by the charitable trust Gap Filler, which has coin operated lighting and sound courtesy of a washing machine that plays tunes from an mp3 player. For almost two years the organisation has been finding creative uses for open spaces left following the earthquake that struck Christchurch in September 2010 and the second deadly quake in February 2011 that claimed more than 180 lives. Camilla was the first to take to the dancefloor after she accepted an invitation from Sam Johnson, an undergraduate who was widely praised for organising a student volunteer army to help in the aftermath of the devastating natural disaster. The Duchess, who is a well known fan of the BBC’s celebrity ballroom dancing show Strictly Come Dancing, held the student’s right hand with hers and they moved at a gentle pace. Rocking royalty: Prince Charles takes a turn on the dancefloor with Lisa Shannon, left, while the Duchess of Cornwall strutted her stuff with Sam Johnson, right . Royal rumba: The dancefloor is . called Dance-O-Mat, created by the charitable trust Gap Filler, which . has coin operated lighting and sound courtesy of a washing machine that . plays tunes from an mp3 player . One step beyond: Prince Charles had a quicker turn of pace then his wife and twirled his partner Lisa Shannon around then grabbed both her hands . On the move: The heir to the throne danced cheek to cheek with Ms Shannon and laughed . as they pulled apart then twirled her around again as he showed off his . skills . After a few moments Camilla looked . over to her husband who was watching from the sidelines and said 'Come . on darling you’ve got to dance too'. But . it was Lisa Shannon, 57, a psychology student from Christchurch who . seized the moment and asked the heir to the throne if he wanted to take a turn. Charles had a quicker turn of pace then his wife and twirled his partner around then grabbed both her hands. The . heir to the throne danced cheek to cheek with Ms Shannon and laughed as . they pulled apart then twirled her around again as he showed off his . skills. Dancing Duchess: The Duchess of Cornwall was the first to take to the . dancefloor after she accepted an invitation from Sam Johnson . Taking a twirl: Mr Johnson is an undergraduate who was widely praised for organising a student volunteer army to help in the aftermath of the devastating natural disaster . Magic moves: The Duchess of Cornwall shows her fleetfooted skills to the sounds of some Big Band music . Ms Shannon was out . of breath after the impromptu dance lesson from the Prince and said: 'If . you don’t ask you don’t get, I just saw him standing there looking a . bit lonely and I thought I’d ask him to dance.' The . 57-year-old was impressed by his masterful presence on the dancefloor: . 'He led and I followed and I don’t usually follow, but he was definitely . in charge.' The royal . couple's twirl on the dancefloor came after they visited a shopping area . of Christchurch city centre to see how retailers and independent . business forced out of their premises by the earthquake have set up home . in renovated cargo ship containers. The . Re:Start project has seen the large metal boxes brightly painted, . fitted with doors and windows and stacked up to create temporary retails . spaces. Energetic: Ms Shannon was out of breath after the impromptu dance lesson from the Prince . Having fun: Ms Shannon said she was impressed by the Prince's masterful . presence on the dancefloor: 'He led and I followed and I don't usually . follow, but he was definitely in charge' Larking about: The royal couple's twirl on the dancefloor came after they met survivors of the natural disaster . Follow me: The Prince leads an excited Ms Shannon across the makeshift dancefloor in the Christchurch shopping centre . Shoppers mobbed the royals as they walked along Cashel Street meeting retailers in their new homes. A reminder of the earthquake loomed nearby - a large building being torn down by mechanical equipment. Survivors of the natural disaster had earlier told the Prince and Duchess their harrowing stories during a reception at Christchurch City Council offices. The royal couple privately met around 20 people who had been badly injured when buildings collapsed during the 6.3 magnitude earthquake which struck at 12.51pm on February 22, last year. Widespread damage resulted especially in central Christchurch and its eastern suburbs as the quake's epicentre was close to the middle of the city and buildings had been weakened by the 2010 quake. On duty: The Duchess of Cornwall waves to wellwishers as the couple were given a Maori welcome at the Christchurch City Council house . Enjoying the moment: The Duchess of Cornwall shares a private moment with her husband, Prince Charles at the Maori welcome at the Christchurch City Council in Christchurch . Nuzzling up: Prince Charles receives a tradition hongi greeting from a Maori elder on arrival to Christchurch City Council building . Nosey: The Royal couple are in New Zealand on the last leg of a Diamond Jubilee that takes in Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand . Serious side: The Prince and the Duchess of Cornwall attend the Victoria Clock ceremony where the Prince's letter to the city after the 2010 earthquake was placed in a time capsule . More than half the people killed were in the six-storey Canterbury Television Building, which collapsed and caught fire. Bev Edwards, 54, a nurse from Christchurch is now a paraplegic in a wheelchair after a cafe roof collapsed on her while she was having lunch with her mother. Ms Edwards said: 'I was in a cafeteria deemed to be safe but the building next door fell sideways on to it and the roof came in. 'I knew I had broken my back and I was eventually carried out on a door used as a stretcher. The lady at a table next to me was killed and my mother sat opposite me and was able to walk out. 'It's incredibly important the Prince came to meet us, we're not people that died, we're here, but there hasn't been a lot of recognition for the seriously injured.' Charles and Camilla's visit to Christchurch came on the last day of their Diamond Jubilee tour to mark the Queen's 60-year reign that saw them visit Australia and Papua New Guinea. VIDEO: Prince Charles shows he's still got the moves at 64 after he accepts an invite to dance from a student in Christchurch .	Charles impressed the public as he twirled a female companion around to the sounds of . 1940s swing jazz music . Duchess, who is a well known fan of the BBC’s celebrity ballroom dancing show Strictly Come Dancing also took to the floor .
(CNN) -- Mass protests unfolded in Syria on Friday, and related unrest reverberated across the Lebanese and Turkish borders in a volatile day that left at least nine people dead. Rami Abdelrahman of the London-based Syria Observatory for Human Rights said four people died in Homs and one in Deir El Zour during demonstrations in Syria. Fighting over the Syrian issue left at least four dead in Lebanon, and the number of Syrian refugees now in Turkey is approaching 10,000. Protests swarmed several towns big and small across the country, including the Damascus area, Latakia, Homs and Hama, where thousands rallied, Abdelrahman said. There were reports of detained demonstrators and the military deployment of tanks. There were reports of gunfire in Banias, a coastal city, Abdelrahman said. The government's state-run TV said Syrian security personnel were injured by "militants" in the Damascus suburb of Al-Qaboun. The Syrian government has consistently blamed the protest casualties on "armed gangs," and the TV report said the injuries occurred when the perpetrators opened fire in Al-Qaboun, just outside the capital. Nearly 1,000 people in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli gathered Friday after prayers "in a demonstration in support for the Syrian people," the Lebanese National News Agency reported, and fighting ensued between Lebanese Alawites and Sunnis. Clashes in Tripoli killed one soldier and three civilians and injured two soldiers and 10 civilians, the army said. The news agency said one of those killed was an official with the Democratic Arab Party, an Alawite entity. The Lebanese prime minister, Najib Nikati, said the army dispatched reinforcements to Tripoli neighborhoods to impose law and order. The Alawite faith is an offshoot of Shiite Islam that dominates Syrian leadership; President Bashar al-Assad is an Alawite. The majority of Syrians are Sunni Muslim. There's been tension between the two groups in Lebanon. Alawites and Sunni/leftist militias fought at different junctures during the 1975-90 civil war until the Syrians established a presence there. The majority of the Sunnis in Tripoli loathe the Syrian regime, but the Alawites in northern Lebanon thrived during the Syrian presence. Tensions have increased between the groups during the most recent Syrian crisis. And as international powers urge Syria to initiate serious reforms and stop its bloody crackdown against demonstrators, Rami Makhlouf, the powerful head of the Syriatel phone company and part of the regime's inner circle, has announced that he plans to quit his business and go into charity work. Makhlouf, who is the cousin and confidant of al-Assad's, is widely unpopular among protesters and is a symbol among many citizens of the regime. His move, announced Thursday, is seen by some observers as an effort to placate anti-government sentiment. Abdelrahman said he thinks Makhlouf's decision came as a result of this week's talks between Turkey and Syria to find a solution to the crisis and stem the Syrian refugee flow to Turkey. "The people are aggravated by his control over the economy," Abdelrahman said. Makhlouf's name reverberated at one of Friday's mass demonstrations. A crowd chanted "No to Makhlouf, no to Assad; we just want Syria free," according to an Arabic-language news network. Mass protests with specific themes have been held every Friday for weeks after Muslim prayers. Opposition leaders Friday planned demonstrations dubbed "Friday of Saleh al-Ali," referring to a prominent Alawite who commanded one of the first rebellions against the French mandate of Syria in the early 20th century. Some opposition activists said they hope the name prompts the powerful minority ruling class, which is composed primarily of Alawites, to join the demonstrations demanding the fall of the al-Assad regime. They also say the name sends the message that their demands are not directed against Alawites but against the regime. Demonstrators began protests three months ago in the southern city of Daraa and immediately were greeted by a tough government response. Anti-government sentiment caught fire, and protests spread across the country, leaving more than 1,100 dead and thousands more incarcerated. Many Syrians fleeing the violence continued to pour across the Turkish border. Actress Angelina Jolie, who is a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. refugee agency, went to southern Turkey on Friday to visit the refugees, a trip aimed at shining a spotlight on the plight of civilians in the country. She was headed to a camp in Altinozu. Turkey's state-run Anatolian Agency reported Jolie's arrival at the Hatay airport. Officials greeted her amid tight security, and provincial officials arranged vans for her transportation to the Altinozu refugee camp. "Toys unloaded from the plane were loaded to one of the vans in her convoy," the report said. Refugees there are housed in warehouses at an old tobacco factory, and they staged a demonstration at the camp. They held up signs that said "Our military is killing its own people, please make it stop" and "U.N., help us please," and people chanted "stop killing children" and other anti-regime slogans. The number of Syrian refugees in Turkey now stands at 9,693, according to a provincial Turkish official. Many of them escaped a security crackdown in and around the town of Jisr al-Shugur, and many took refuge in Syrian locations near the border. Gunshots rang out near the border, according to Mohammed, an activist and resident of Jisr al-Shugur based along the border, and people think the Syrian army might be a few miles away. CNN's Nada Husseini, Arwa Damon and Saad Abedine contributed to this report.	At least five deaths are reported in Syria . Four people are killed in Lebanon during clashes . Angelina Jolie is visiting refugees in southern Turkey . Syria state TV reports "militants" open fire on security .
One of Britain’s most famous athletes was last night drawn into an investigation after it was claimed that the sport’s governing body failed to act upon ‘suspicious’ drugs test samples. Dick Pound, a former chairman of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), told The Mail on Sunday he had been asked to lead an inquiry into allegations that hundreds of abnormal readings could indicate doping was covered up. In a scandal now engulfing the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), 225 athletes from 39 countries were revealed to have produced anomalous blood readings. They include three British athletes – one of whom is a household name and a star of track and field events. Dick Pound, a former chairman of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), said he had been asked to lead an inquiry into allegations that hundreds of abnormal readings could indicate doping was covered up . The star’s name appears on a leaked list of 65 athletes whose tests scores were labelled ‘Suspicion Red’ – which experts say should have triggered an automatic check for the banned drug EPO. The drug helps deliver oxygen to muscles by stimulating the production of red blood cells. But amid mounting concerns that the IAAF did not conduct follow-up tests on most or all of the sportsmen and women, Mr Pound – one of the sport’s most senior figures – has been approached to establish what happened to the results. He said: ‘What I understood… was that a great number of cases came back and were short of something that could be declared positive, but whoever had done the analysis clearly thought that there was something afoot.’ The British star has so far declined to comment, yet the scandal has already claimed several high-ranking executives and shows little sign of abating. The ‘Suspicion Red’ list is among a cache of documents sourced by The Mail on Sunday and said to have come from a whistleblower at the IAAF’s Medical Commission. Although undated, the list is said to have been compiled between 2006 and 2008 before the introduction into athletics of much stricter tests for banned substances. Under suspicion: British athletes are on the list . It has been argued that it is unlikely any readings taken during this period could be used to investigate athletes retrospectively, but Mr Pound said it may be possible to uncover past violations of cheating if these readings are used in conjunction with frozen samples. While being named on the list does not provide conclusive evidence that the British star was taking banned substances, experts have said it raises serious questions about whether proper checks were made. Elsewhere in the documents are more detailed lists which do not mention the British athlete, but do suggest that World and Olympic champions showed abnormal blood values that strongly suggest the use of performance-enhancing drugs. These more detailed documents relate to tests taken between 2001 and 2006. The two other Britons named are less high-profile, and the level of suspicion is lower and coded ‘orange.’ The IAAF does not dispute the authenticity of the information, which was first obtained by the German television station WDR and broadcast in a documentary last month. But it says it may not prove the stars had been cheating and suggested other factors might have produced high test results. However, last night the former head of Jamaica’s anti-doping commission described the IAAF’s response to the scandal as ‘completely unsatisfactory’ and suggested there was more to the list ‘than we are being told’. Renee Anne Shirley, a respected campaigner for transparency in sport, added that the existence of the ‘red’ list ‘raises serious concerns about what happened next’. She said: ‘That is the real issue here. Being on such a list in the first place is in itself indicative that something irregular has been flagged up. ‘Did the IAAF target test the people on this list, as I would expect should have been the case, or not? And if not, why not? ‘I think there is more to this list than we have been told and the IAAF’s response so far is completely unsatisfactory. What did they find when they did further investigation? Did they in fact do anything? ‘With everything going on and so much uncertainty, it is simply unsatisfactory to say there is no problem and expect people to accept that blindly.’ Many of the names listed in the documents are accompanied by detailed readings of their blood values, with figures appearing under various headings. For instance, one is ‘hgb’ – haemoglobin, which transports oxygen in the blood. The documents also record the altitude level – which can affect red blood cell count – at which the tests took place. Together, the results produce an overall figure known as the ‘off score’ level and anything over 125 is considered to be a marker of potential doping. The documents show that the highest ‘off score’ level for a male athlete was 167.63 – considered to be extraordinarily high – yet there is no record that he was charged with a doping offence. The highest ‘off score’ level for a female athlete is 170.03 and again there is no public record of the athlete being charged. More than a quarter of the athletes named in documents are Russian, lending credence to claims that Moscow operated an ‘East German-style’ doping regime. There is also a high number of Kenyans on the lists. The British star has so far declined to comment, yet the scandal has already claimed several high-ranking executives and shows little sign of abating . The IAAF has claimed that it did follow up ‘suspicious’ readings of blood levels and exonerated many of the names. It emphasised the appearance of a name on a list marking suspicion did not indicate that a doping offence had taken place. IAAF general secretary Nick Davies has insisted that the mere presence of a suspicious value does not indicate a positive test, and that the information provided by the documents ‘was partial and misleading.’ He has also said in a statement that: ‘Athletes with a “red flag” reading may well be guilty of doping but equally – and we can prove it in the vast majority of cases – they may be innocent, which is why this information should have stayed locked up in a safe.’ Last night, he told The Mail on Sunday in an email: ‘We welcome the intervention of WADA. In all our statements we have underlined that we will co-operate totally with WADA.’ Asked whether he believed the IAAF had followed up suspicious blood readings, he replied: ‘Yes – but let WADA do their work now.’ Mr Pound said WADA's inquiry has 'resulted from pretty extensive publication of materials that look pretty serious' Mr Pound will establish the terms of reference for the WADA inquiry before deciding whether to accept the invitation to lead it. He said: ‘WADA has a general monitoring responsibility with respect to international standards and with respect to the anti-doping code. ‘We are meant to do that and it’s part of our mandate. And this is a specific inquiry that has resulted from pretty extensive publication of materials that look pretty serious. ‘I think our stakeholders, the IOC, the international federations and the public authorities, would expect us to do something and our chairman has responded by saying yes indeed we agree and will set up a commission and give it the neces- sary resources to do whatever has to be done.’ There is already a separate IAAF ethics commission inquiry into the doping lists. Last week three key IAAF figures – treasurer Valetin Balaknichev, marketing consultant Massata Papa Diack, and legal adviser Habib Cisse – agreed to stand down while allegations against them were investigated by the ethics committee.	Dick Pound is a a former chairman of the World Anti-Doping Agency . Said he has been asked to lead inquiry into allegation of doping cover up . 65 athletes had blood readings which should have led to test for EPO . Banned drug enhances performance by helping to get oxygen to muscles .
A 19-year-old student missing since yesterday morning was last seen driving home drunk before stopping on the side of the road for a flat tire. Howard’s family says when she left her Slidell home Friday morning, the Dean’s List student, who was recently accepted into pharmacy school, was headed to classes at UNO and then to work Uptown. 'She was supposed to come to Slidell after she got off of work and meet up with us, but she ended up going with some co-workers and here we are,' said friend Daniel Lemonier. Howard was last seen at a dorm on campus dropping off a friend following drinks at a Magazine Street bar. Missing: Hayley Howard's dad was the last person who saw her on Saturday morning . Hayley Howard's drove out of the University of New Orleans parking lot on Lakeshore Drive about 1.50am yesterday, NOLA Defender reported. One of Howard's friends told deputies the teen stopped for a flat tire on her way home to Slidell, Louisiana and a passing motorist helped her, according to WWLTV. Intoxicated: Police believe Hayley Howard was drunk when she pulled out of a UNO car park yesterday morning . Outfit: Hayley Howard was last seen wearing a knee-length black dress with white polka dots and black shoes with a small heel and a silver accent on the toe . Police believe the young girl was intoxicated when she drove away. They claimed the University of New Orleans student's cellphone pinged in the area of Leon C. Simon Drive about 2am. It was pinged again four hours later much further south, near the Irish Bayou Cell Tower. The Northshore High School graduate was driving a 2002 silver Toyota Corolla bearing the Louisiana license plate XBP 643. Map: Hayley Howard was last seen at the University of New Orleans and was heading home to Slidell. Her cell phone was pinged around Leon C. Simon Dr around 2am and near the Irish Bayou Cell Tower four hours later . Howard is described as 5'3'' tall and weighs about 105 pounds. She was wearing a knee-length black dress with white polka dots and black shoes with a small heel and a silver accent on the toe. Anyone with information on her whereabouts is asked to call Detective Sandra Contreras at 504-658-6060 or 504-658-6146, or dial 911. Scene: Hayley Howard's dad was the last person who saw her as she drove out of the University of New Orleans parking lot on Lakeshore Drive about 1.50am yesterday . Drunk driving: Howard was last seen driving a 2002 silver Toyota Corolla (like this one) bearing the Louisiana license plate XBP 643 .	Hayley Howard was last seen leaving University of New Orleans car park about 1.50am yesterday . A friend told police Howard stopped for a flat tire and a passing motorist helped her . Police believe she was drunk . Her cell phone was last pinged near the Irish Bayou Cell Tower about 6am .
At least 18 people died and nearly 50 were injured in a stampede in India's financial capital of Mumbai early on Saturday as thousands of mourners gathered following the death of the 102-year-old leader of a Muslim sect. The stampede took place outside the home of Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, the spiritual leader of the Dawoodi Bohra Muslim community, in Malabar Hill, a wealthy part of the city, police said. He died on Friday and his body had been placed in his home to allow followers to pay their respects. Scroll down for video . Stampede: Indian Bohra Muslims take part in the funeral procession of their spiritual leader Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin in Mumbai where 18 people were killed . An Indian Muslim woman cries near the body of a victim killed in a stampede in Mumbai, India. Tens of thousands of people gathered to mourn the death of the leader . Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin gestures as he speaks to community members on his 99th Birthday in Mumbai . Prayer: The Dawoodi Bohra community participate in the funeral procession in Malabar Hill, a wealthy part of the city of Mumbai . Witnesses said a large crowd of mourners was pressed against the gates of the house at the time of the stampede. 'There were a lot of people pouring in, and there was not much attention given by the government and the police, who should have been here and who should have managed things,' said one man wearing traditional white flowing Bohra Muslim attire. Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh said neither police nor organisers had expected such a large number of mourners. Several of the injured were released after treatment at nearby hospitals, said a city official who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media. Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin died on Friday and his body had been placed in his home to allow followers to pay their respects but thousands turned up . Unexpected: Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh said neither police nor organisers had expected such a large number of mourners at the funeral of the leader . Indian Muslims stretch out their hands towards the body of the head of the Dawoodi Bohra Muslim community Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin during his funeral . Indian Muslims stand together during the funeral procession of the Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin where there was a stampede killing 18 people died and injured 50 . Muslims line up along a street as they wait for the funeral procession of their spiritual leader Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin in Mumbai . Later on Saturday, tens of thousands of people lined narrow streets along the route of the funeral procession as it headed towards a mausoleum in south Mumbai where the leader will be buried alongside his father. 'People have come from outside India, and more will keep coming. Everyone was very fond of him,' said 62-year-old Mumbai-resident Juzer Lokhandwala, who attended with his family to pay their last respects. The origins of the Shia Muslim sect can be traced to Yemen. In India, some of the largest Bohra Muslim communities live in the western state of Gujarat, where many are merchants. The community, widely seen as mostly prosperous and philanthropic, runs a large speciality hospital in Mumbai. Stampedes frequently happen at religious sites in India but they are rare in large cities, such as Mumbai, where there is a greater police presence to monitor the flow of people. Last October, about 115 people were killed in a stampede at a Hindu temple in the central state of Madhya Pradesh. Indian Bohra Muslim women watch the funeral procession as a large crowd gathered to pay their last respects . Later on Saturday, tens of thousands of people lined narrow streets along the route of the funeral procession as it headed towards a mausoleum in south Mumbai where the leader will be buried . Stampedes frequently happen at religious sites in India but they are rare in large cities, such as Mumbai, where there is a greater police presence . Businesses of the Members of Bohri Community are seen closed in Saddar after the death of their spiritual leader Dr Syedna Muhammad Burhanuddin .	Stampede outside home of Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, spiritual leader of Dawoodi Bohra Muslim community . He died on Friday and his body had been placed in his home to allow followers to pay their respects . The 102-year-old leader of a Muslim sect lived in Malabar Hill, a wealthy part of the city .
(EW.com) -- For Adam Sandler, movie comedy is rock & roll — not just a way to make people laugh, but a way to strike a pose of scruffy defiance. At 45, he's still playing overgrown boy-men, but his characters these days aren't just emotionally stunted basket cases. They're jerks and rubes and loutish vulgarians, the more hideously unpresentable the better. And since we've all grown used to seeing Sandler play these incorrigible idiots, in a sense he has to keep upping the ante. It's his equivalent of playing that power chord just a little bit louder. Watching Sandler in "That's My Boy," his latest assault on subtlety, good taste, and other values that we critics like to trash the star for dumping on, I can't say that I laughed a lot (though when I did laugh, it was big and loud). But on some level I marveled at the conviction that Adam Sandler pours into playing a character like Donny Berger, a boneheaded, loud-mouthed alcoholic loser from Boston. Wearing his hair in a greasy '80s shag, Sandler doesn't phone it in. He delivers every single line with the unspeakably annoying rasp of a rusty nail scraping on your brainpan, and he gives Donny what is, in a sense, a full range of moods: angry, irritated, pushy, noodgy, grasping, wheedling, whining. A real charmer. Just to make sure we know what kind of role model Donny is, hardly a scene goes by in which he doesn't have a Budweiser in his hand, and the vulgarities, too, spew out of him like beery foam. A lot of actors, by now, have learned to do a Boston accent, but Sandler gets something else: the blinkered, bellowing high dudgeon of a certain kind of in-your-face leech whom you can still find hovering in Boston sports bars. He makes Donny the Joe Six-Pack from hell. Long ago, Donny enjoyed a moment of tabloid infamy. Back in 1984, when he was just a teenager in gold chains, he got seduced by his sexpot high-school teacher, and when it came out that they were sleeping together, the scandal of it all made national headlines. The teacher, sent to prison for statutory rape, even had Donny's baby, whom Donny named Han Solo and (once he turned 18) raised as a single parent. But he was such a dismal father that his son disowned him. He also renamed himself Todd. As an adult, Todd is played by Andy Samberg as a persnickety hedge-fund manager about to be married to a stuck-up American princess (Leighton Meester). And that, of course, is when Donny comes crashing back into his life. "That's My Boy" is one of those comedies about a walking irritant, like What About Bob?, in which the joke — ultimately spun off from Green Acres — is that the mild, ordinary guy at the center of everything keeps trying to distance himself from the pest who has arrived to ruin his life, but everyone around him...adores the pest! The more Donny disgraces himself, the more he makes the kind of cringe-worthy sexual jokes that Andrew Dice Clay would have turned up his nose at, the more everyone in Todd's circle thinks he's the life of the party. I only wish it were a fresher party. Donny wins everyone over, for instance, by reviving ''Wassup!'' as a catch phrase. Seriously? That's what Sandler now regards as a mischievous joke? Still, for a while, Andy Samberg makes a good squirmer. His Todd is so neurotically nice that he doesn't even experience his own exasperation, even as we see the steam coming out of his ears. Where Sandler compromises his whole comedy-as-rock-&-roll thing is that he's so into making Donny a big teddy bear inside, a guy who just wants to bond with his son, that the movie starts to lose its edge. It also stretches out far too long. (Did it really need to clock in at nearly two hours?) Donny takes Todd and his friends out for a bachelor party, and it's on this voyage into the night that Todd begins to lose his inhibitions and get won over to the ways of excess — to the Donny Way. Big mistake! Lots of jokes about strippers and happy endings follow, and Todd gets so unhinged that he barfs all over his fiancée's wedding dress. The movie was a lot funnier when Donny and Todd were foils. Of course, never underestimate the importance of guy-on-guy sentimentality in the Adam Sandler universe. It's his way of making his fans feel as if he's high-fiving them, or maybe giving them a group hug. But Sandler, bottom line, is too good at playing louts like Donny to spend this much energy getting us to like them. Grade: B- . See full story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.	Adam Sandler plays character Donny Berger with conviction . A scandal in Berger's high school years resulted in son Han Solo (Andy Samberg) Samberg's character, who changed name to Todd, is neurotic hedge-fund manager .
By . Associated Press Reporter and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:33 EST, 3 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:24 EST, 4 April 2013 . Shamed drugs cheat Lance Armstrong has pulled out of a swim meet because doing so may have violated his worldwide ban from competition. Swimming's international federation body raised objections to Armstrong's participation in the Masters South Central Zone Swimming Championships at the University of Texas this weekend, U.S. Masters Swimming Executive Director Rob Butcher said today. Armstrong was to swim three distance events. Out of the pool: Lance Armstrong pulled out of a swim meet this weekend over concerns that doing may have violated his worldwide ban from competition . Butcher told The Associated Press. 'He doesn't want to cause any more harm to any more organizations. His interest was around fitness and training. 'In light of FINA [swimming's international governing body] and the other political stuff, he will not be swimming.' Although Butcher said Armstrong withdrew from the event, he likely didn't have a choice after FINA raised objections to his participation. Competitor: Armstrong was to swim three distance events in the event this weekend in Austin, Texas . An Armstrong spokesman did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment. The U.S Anti-Doping Agency banned Armstrong from sanctioned competition for life for his use of performance-enhancing drugs during a cycling career that included seven Tour de France titles. Butcher had said Wednesday that Armstrong, who is a U.S. Masters Swimming member, would be allowed to compete in his 40-44 age group because the master's event did not fall under USADA drug testing rules. But FINA sent a letter to U.S. Masters Swimming officials, saying that because U.S. Masters Swimming is under its umbrella as a sanctioning body, it must recognize the World Anti-Doping Code and bar Armstrong from competition. 'We're expecting them to apply the rules,' FINA executive director Cornel Marculescu told the AP. Armstrong had to register for the Austin event by March 31. According to the meet event sheets, Armstrong had the second-best qualifying time in the 1,000 freestyle and No. 3 in the 1,650- and 500 freestyle events. U.S. Master's Swimming does not drug test. Butcher said earlier that U.S. Masters Swimming has debated in the past whether to start testing and . whether Armstrong or other athletes who have been caught doping should . be allowed to compete. 'We just stick to the fact that our purpose is encouraging adults to swim,' Butcher said. Armstrong . had been pursuing a post-cycling career in triathlons before he was . banned by USADA for performance-enhancing drug use. A message was left . seeking comment from USADA. Armstrong had to register for the Austin event by March 31. Drugs: The swimming competition was originally not believed to be covered under the same anti-doping rules as the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which banned Armstrong for life from its sanctioned events . According to the meet event sheets, Armstrong has the second-best qualifying time in the 1,000 and No. 3 in the 1,650 and 500. He denied doping for years until USADA issued a massive report in 2012 detailing drug use by Armstrong and his teams. In January, Armstrong admitted during an interview with Oprah Winfrey that he used steroids, blood boosters and other banned performance-enhancing drugs and methods during his career. Armstrong also was removed from the board of the Livestrong cancer foundation he formed in 1997 after being diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain. Coming clean: Armstrong finally admitted in a January interview with Oprah that he took performance-enhancing drugs for years while he won seven Tour de France titles .	Armstrong withdrew over questions of his eligibility following lifetime ban on competition by the U.S. Anti-doping agency . Was due to swim in three distance events in the competition this weekend in Austin, Texas .
(CNN) -- Chinese language media often refer to Jay Chou as the "small heavenly king," but the Taiwan born pop idol is more down-to-earth than the many accolades he receives suggest. At 29, Jay Chou is already a household name in many Asian countries. "I think I tend to believe in myself. I don't know....maybe I was born to believe in myself rather than in others. That's why I like to complete my work on my own," the solo singer-songwriter and actor told CNN's Talk Asia. The 29-year-old has ridden his wave of inner belief to become one of Asia's biggest pop stars, and fostered an image of being something of an anti-hero, neither boastful nor too brash. His music mixes ballads with urban R&B beats, while he has also taken a march on Asian cinema, writing his own screenplays, directing and appearing in a number of hit films. Music remains his first love, having found success despite being naturally shy. He released his first album in 2000, and eight years and seven albums later he still believes he has plenty of material for songs left in him, breaking from the usual Mando- and Canto-pop themes of boy-meets-girl. In the past his lyrics have ventured into more considered and darker territory with a song about an abusive father and have taken on a variety of themes and genres. "I think my music is quite different from the Western rap music culture. You won't find bad language in my music. I have this sense of responsibility to add an educational element in my music. That's why I would never write anything about suicide or whatever, because I think we all need the courage to deal with our lives," he said. Chou was brought up by his mother, a school teacher in Linkou in Taiwan. His parents divorced while he was at a young age. He began playing the piano as a 3-year-old, continuing to practice daily throughout his school days where despite being a diligent pupil he was academically average. While a so-so student he developed a way to express himself by focusing on playing the piano, and from it developed a self-reliant streak. "I think my confidence belongs to the stage or when I'm standing in front of the screen. I'm like two different people on-stage and off-stage," he told CNN's Talk Asia. Chou's career was given a boost when he was spotted by Taiwanese entertainer Jacky Wu while backstage before a TV talent contest. Wu liked what he saw and introduced Chou to the music industry, at first as a songwriter for others. "I never aimed to be a pop icon or whatever. My first album was actually a collection of songs that I wrote for other people. They didn't want them, so I made the album myself. The only aim I had was to be a singer-songwriter, not an idol," said Chou. Despite modest beginnings then he has reached idol status in many Asian countries, having appeared in front of crowds of tens of thousands of people across Asia and on the silver screen to millions. His huge exposure also ensures he's the sources of constant speculation from the media about his private life. "I think showbiz in Taiwan, or even in the Chinese-speaking region, is quite different from showbiz in the U.S. The more low-profile and tight-lipped you are, the more the paparazzi runs after you. And I happen to belong in this category," he said.	Multi-million album selling Taiwanese pop idol still lives with his mother . Has turned hand to acting and directing recently working with Chow Yun-Fat . Career began when spotted at a talent competition .
For as long as people have been drinking too much, they have been searching for a cure for that dreaded morning after hangover. Raw eggs with or without Worcestershire sauce is apparently one cure; others eat chocolate or a bacon sandwich - but the answer could be as simple as to carry on doing what you were doing that caused the hangover – have a drink. Adam Rogers, the author of Proof: the Science of Booze, is of the opinion that the 'hair of the dog' makes you feel better, but the question is why it does this, and importantly whether it's really a good idea. Carry on drinking: Apparently the best way to treat a hangover is to have another drink (file photos) Every alcoholic drink contains, as well as ethanol, small traces of the poisonous methanol. In high doses methanol can make people go blind or even die because the body converts it to formaldehyde, a poison used as a preservative in some laboratories. Doctors treat methanol poisoning by giving patients ethanol to prevent its change into formaldehyde. 'If methanol poisoning is at least in part responsible for a hangover, having a drink the next morning may alleviate symptoms,' said Mr Rogers although he was at pains to point out that the theory was 'hypothetical' at best. Drinking water if you have a hangover will have little or no effect on the way you feel (file photo) Lauren Owen, a psychopharmacologist at Keele University and a member of the Alcohol Hangover Research Group, agreed that there was some scientific support for the idea. 'Alcohol acts on a number of chemicals in the brain to increase feelings of pleasure,' she said. 'Reduction of hangover symptoms by "hair of the dog" may also be due to the activity of alcohol on neurotransmitter systems.' One thing that appears to have no scientific basis is rehydration. Mr Rogers said: 'You can get rid of the dehydration and you are still hungover.'	Most hangover cures don't work and best idea may be to have another drink . Author Adam Rogers points out that the theory is 'hypothetical at best' Drinking water has little or no effect on hangovers and will not help .
A skeleton key, one that can open any lock, is normally something confined to the realms of films and television. But two engineers claim to have devised a 3D printed ‘bump key’ that, with a bit of brute force, can do exactly that. Their device can apparently be used to open any conventional lock without having access to the real key used to open it. Scroll down for video . German engineers have revealed designs to make 3D-printed 'bump keys' (shown). These devices can be used to break into popular pin tumbler design locks. In a video a lock is opened by a bump key and a hammer in seconds. To make the key all that is needed is a picture of the lock and pin positions . Later this month at an event known as LockCon 2014 German engineer Christian Holler will present his and Jos Weyers' bump key design. Lock bumping is a lock picking technique that can be used to open pin tumbler locks (shown above), the sort found in many homes. These locks require a key with specific groves at different levels to align a set of pins along what is called the shear line, allowing the lock to be turned. Each pin has an upper and lower segment, as shown in the image. A bump key, meanwhile, has groves that are all at the same level. When the key is placed in a lock, it needs to be struck sharply with a hammer while torque is applied. The force of the blow makes the top of the pins ‘jump’ above the shear line but leaves the bottom pins in place, allowing the lock to be turned. A stopper is also used to prevent damage being done to the lock. Traditionally bump keys were made out of metal, and were quite hard to manufacture. Now, with the 3D-printing method, anyone could feasibly create their own bump key. Using DIY software known as Photobump, the technique requires only a picture of the lock in question to produce a working key. ‘While there are locks on the market, that are immune to bumping, a large quantity of locks in use is theoretically vulnerable,’ Holler explains in a blog post. A bump key, as its name might imply, involves ‘bumping’ a key into position in a lock. They have multiple grooves cut to the same length that can fit into conventional locks. They are normally made from blank keys, which are flattened keys with no cuts, used by locksmiths and manufacturers to make key duplicates. The technique for making bump keys isn’t particularly new; it’s been around for decades, with a hammer used to hit the key and click it into a lock’s pins. With 3D printing, however, such keys can now be made relatively easily. To create the key, Holler and Weyers use a picture of the lock in question. They also need to know the position of each pin in a target lock, which is accessible from widely available key-cutting software. Mr Holler says it can be used to open locks that are vulnerable to bumping, but such keys have been on the market for more than ten years. The 3D printing technique, however, makes the creation of both blank and bump keys much easier. ‘If you have the right software, getting a blank is easy,’ Holler tells MailOnline. Designer Christian Holler tells MailOnline that he does not think his work will be used by burglars to break into houses. 'One of the main reasons is probably that there are easier, destructive entry methods, and a burglar is not interested in non-destructive opening,’ he says . ‘Basically, I take a photo [from the front], then I manually edit it in Photoshop or Gimp (it's really easy) to give me a black/white silhouette of the profile,' Mr Holler continues. ‘Once I have that, I import it into my software, specify the key length (that would also be guessed from the brand) and from that, I already get a 3D model that I can order from any online 3D printing service.’ But, he says, making a bump key is a bit more difficult. It requires knowledge of the pin distances and maximum height, which can be guessed from other keys or taken from a database. To print them he doesn’t use his own printer, but rather a professional printing service which can take a few days, or up to two weeks. To create the key, Holler and Weyers use a picture of a lock in question.They also need to know the position of each pin, which is accessible from widely available key-cutting software. Mr Holler says it can be used to open locks that are vulnerable to bumping, but such keys have been on the market for more than ten years . The bump key is made from a 3D model of a blank (shown) and has groves that are all at the same level. When the key is placed in a lock, it needs to be struck sharply with a hammer while torque is applied. The force of the blow moves the pins and allows the lock to be turned and opened . On whether a burglar could use this technique to break into a house Mr Holler says: ‘If he has enough criminal energy, then I guess, yes.’ However he adds that he does not think this is a ‘realistic scenario’; he says that bump keys are already available, but they are not widely used by burglars. ‘One of the main reasons is probably that there are easier, destructive entry methods, and a burglar is not interested in non-destructive opening,’ he explains. ‘At least here in Germany, only something below 0.2 per cent of all burglar attacks target the lock cylinder.’ But his advice is that if you are worried about bump keys, there are locks are available that are immune to bumping. 'All regular pin tumbler looks are vulnerable,' he says, but other systems are typically immune. Using a pin tumbler design with a so-called 'sidebar', however, requires a second combination on the key that is much harder to mimic. But despite revealing his technique to create bump keys, Mr Holles doesn't consider bumping 'a larger threat now' with his work. 'The practical relevance of bumping (for burglars) seems to be overall low, so there is no reason to panic about this,' he says. 'People also haven't panicked the last 10 years, although bumping was a well known technique.'	A German engineer has revealed how to make 3D-printed 'bump keys' These devices can be used to break into popular pin tumbler design locks . In the video a lock is opened by a bump key and a hammer in seconds . To make the key all that is needed is a picture of the lock and pin positions . But designer Christian Holler tells MailOnline that he does not think his work will be used by burglars to break into houses .
A Dallas mom facing kidnapping charges has given an interview from jail to try and 'clear the record', saying she did not abduct the two children but thought something was wrong and was trying to help. Briana Blount was arrested Wednesday after one of her neighbors in McKinney saw her with two kids that were not her own, sensed something was wrong and called police. The 23-year-old mother-of-one - who has a history of drug problems and admits to using meth - says she found the seven-year-old boy and his four-year-old sister unattended on New Year's Eve at the at the Garland Road Thrift Store. She told CBS DFW she decided to take them to her apartment four miles away to call police. 'This is a misunderstanding': Dallas woman Briana Blount gives an interview from Lew Sterrett Justice Center, saying she did not kidnap two children but tried to help them, believing they had been abandoned . Scene: Blount said she found the two kids - aged seven and four - unnattended at the Garland Road Thrift Store in White Rock around 5.30pm on New Years Eve . Safety: Blount said she took the two kids to his apartment complex four miles from the thrift store where her friends were in order to call police . Arrested: Blount has been charged with two counts of kidnapping and assaulting a peace officer and has other outstanding warrants for driving without insurance and without a valid license . 'It doesn't look good, but those actions weren't based off of kidnapping,' she said. 'Those actions weren't based off of trying to hurt or trying to take somebody away from anything. 'I legitimately thought something was wrong and I was trying to help.' However the children's father was in the change room trying on clothes, only to come out and not be able to find his kids. An employee at the store told the father she saw a white woman leave with the children, who are black. Blount said she didn't call 911 from the store because she was alone and knew her friends were home at her apartment complex and wanted their help. 'I felt as if I needed to help these kids and keep them safe until I could get them in the hands of the police,' she told CBS. However her neighbor, April Hobbs, saw the situation differently. Mom: Blount has a young son named Aiden, who is currently with his father in Michigan . 'I legitimately thought something was wrong and I was trying to help': Briana Blount is trying to clear her name . Locked up: The Dallas woman has been accused of kidnapping . She said the children seemed upset and  Blount told her she had found them. 'The little girl came and jumped into my arms and was like, 'I'm scared, I'm scared, I don't know where my dad is,' Hobbs told NBC 5. 'Something in my chest said something wasn't right.' Blount was arrested the children were returned unharmed to their father. Blount has been charged with two counts of kidnapping and assaulting a peace officer and has other outstanding warrants for driving without insurance and without a valid license. Blount has a young son, Aiden, who she says is currently with his father in Michigan. She is being held in Lew Sterrett Justice Center in lieu of $30,784 bail.	Briana Blount, 23, was arrested Wednesday on kidnapping charges in Dallas . Claims she found two kids - aged seven and four - abandoned at thrift store . Their father was in the change room . She drove them four miles away to her apartment complex . A neighbor sensed something was not right and called 911 . Blount says it is all a misunderstanding .
A Lebanese porn star has received death threats after being ranked as the best actress in the business by a popular adult website. Mia Khalifa, 21, grew up in Lebanon but moved to the U.S. as a teenager to enroll in college, before becoming involved in the adult film industry. She is now the most searched for actress on movie-sharing website PornHub, an accolade which has drawn strong criticism from her country of birth. Scroll down for video . Mia Khalifa, 21, who was born in Lebanon before moving to the U.S. as a teenager, has been attacked online after being voted porn's top actress by one of the world's top video-sharing sites . Twitter users branded Miss Khalifa 'disgusting' and 'vile', while one even threatened to 'cut her neck' after she was named as the internet's most searched-for adult star . Users have branded her 'ugly' and 'disgusting', while one vowed to 'cut her neck' and another posted a mocked-up photo of her being held hostage by ISIS murderer Jihadi John. One particular source of outrage is a video which shows Miss Khalifa performing sex acts while wearing a hijab, part of the Muslim religious dress. One user calling herself Fifi wrote: 'Mia Khalifa is neat and all but wearing hijabs in her porn vids is really problematic and gross.' Another poster going under the handle of Ayeerab wrote: 'B**** wonders why Arabs bash on her. Maybe because you f****** degraded Muslims in a porno.' Users reacted angrily to the news that Miss Khalifa had taken the top spot, calling her a 'disgrace' Miss Khalifa began posting some of the abuse on her own Twitter profile, while responding to her critics, accusing many of being secret fans . A particular source of anger was one video which shows Miss Khalifa having sex while wearing a hijab . Miss Khalifa was also heavily criticised for having an Arabic tattoo on her arm which reads 'Koullouna lil-watan, lil’oula lil-‘alam' - the first line of the Lebanese national anthem. Another controversial tattoo is the Lebanese armed forces cross, which she has on her wrist. Miss Khalifa responded to the abuse by posting it on her Twitter profile, along with responses to users, hitting back at their comments and accusing some of being secret fans. She added: 'Doesn’t the Middle East have more important things to worry about besides me? How about finding a president? Or containing ISIS?' Lebanon has been badly affected by the civil war taking place in neighbouring Syria, including ISIS, which has threatened to spill over its borders. Miss Khalifa hit back at her abusers, saying: 'Doesn’t the Middle East have more important things to worry about besides me? How about finding a president? Or containing ISIS?' She also posted this image of a Chrismtas present she was given, saying it had cheered her up 'after a long day of death threats' It has also been without a president since Michel Suleiman vacated his post in May last year after a six-year term, and politicians have so far been unable to find a suitable replacement. Miss Khlifa grew up in Lebanon, but moved to Maryland as a teenager before enrolling at the University of Texas at El Paso as a history major. According to her Twitter profile she now lives in Miami, and describes herself as: 'Unofficial mascot of the Florida State Seminoles and a pornstar in the off-season.' However she is believed to still have family living in Lebanon, where she was born in Beirut.	Mia Khalifa, 21, originally from Lebanon, named porn's top actress . Accolade has cause outrage in home country and across the internet . Branded 'vile' and 'disgusting' while one man threatened to 'cut her neck' Users also criticised one adult film in which she is seen wearing a hijab .
Murdered Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko told a friend days before his death that the Kremlin would never risk assassinating a British national on London's streets, The Mail on Sunday can reveal. Mr Litvinenko confided in Yuri Felshtinsky that he was sure his British citizenship was an 'insurance'. The former FSB agent, who became a critic of Russian president Vladimir Putin after he fled to Britain, was poisoned after drinking tea spiked with Polonium-210 in November 2006. Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned after drinking tea spiked with Polonium-210 in November 2006 . The front of the Millennium Hotel in London, where Russian former spy Alexander Litvinenko was allegedly poisoned with a cup of tea . Mr Felshtinsky, who is expected to give evidence to the Litvinenko inquiry at the Royal Courts of Justice in London, met the spy on October 13. Speaking from his home in Falmouth, Massachusetts, Mr Felshtinsky said: 'He told me, 'I have just received my British citizenship, now they will never touch me.' He was sure they would never try to kill a British citizen in London.' The revelation comes as senior Ukip politician Gerard Batten claimed last night that his website had been hacked by Russian agents after posts accusing Putin of murder. The Ukip MEP, who also posted the Government had 'taken little or no action' to explain a number of other deaths of Russians in the UK, said his team had told him the hack was from Russia.	Alexander Litvinenko told friend Kremlin would never risk killing him in UK . Told Yuri Felshtinsky he was sure his British citizenship was an 'insurance' Was poisoned after drinking tea spiked with Polonium-210 in 2006 .
(CNN) -- North Korea defended Thursday its right to explore outer space after reports that a rocket, believed by the United States to be a long-range missile, had been positioned on its launch pad. Replicas of South and North Korean missiles are displayed at the Korea War Memorial in Seoul. North Korea recently informed a pair of U.N. agencies that it plans to launch a satellite. The launch is believed to be slated for sometime between April 4 to 8, according to Yonhap, South Korea's state-sponsored news agency. North Korea's announcement has triggered international consternation. U.S. and South Korean officials have long said the North is actually preparing to test-fire a long-range missile under the guise of a satellite launch. Pyongyang lashed out against critics on Thursday in a commentary reported in the state-run KCNA news service. "This is nothing but a groundless outcry of the political philistines ignorant of any legality of the study of space science for peaceful purposes," the commentary said. "Outer space is not a monopoly of a few specified powers but an asset common to mankind and the space development is promoted worldwide at present." Should anyone have the right to explore space? The United States has no plans to shoot down the North Korean rocket, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday in an interview with CNN's Jill Dougherty, but will raise the issue with the U.N. Security Council if Pyongyang carries out a launch. "We are doing our best to dissuade the North Koreans from going forward, because it is provocative action," Clinton said. "It raises questions about their compliance with the Security Council Resolution 1718. And if they persist and go forward, we will take it up in appropriate channels." North Korea is technically capable of launching a rocket in as little as two to four days, according to Kim Taewoo, an expert at the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses, but who doubts a launch will come that soon. It would not make sense for Pyongyang to make such a move after going through official channels with its plans, Kim said. "The North could delay the launch if they experience problems with the weather, or within the leadership, but I don't see any reason why they would fire it ahead of time," Kim said. What the North Koreans would be testing may not be known until an actual launch, U.S. officials have said. A U.N. Security Council resolution in 2006 banned North Korea from conducting ballistic missile activity. Japanese officials said they could shoot down the object whether it is a missile or a satellite. "As the U.N. resolutions prohibit (North Korea) from engaging in ballistic missile activities, we still consider it to be a violation of a technical aspect, even if (the North) claims it is a satellite. We will discuss the matter with related countries based on this view," Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone said this month. South Korea echoed Clinton's statements. "The South Korean government believes that if the North conducts its launch despite continuous warnings of the South Korean government and the international community, it is a provocative action that constitutes a serious threat to the security of northeast Asia and the Korean peninsula," said Foreign Ministry spokesman Moon Tae-Young. "The launching of the long-range rocket is a clear violation of the U.N. Security Council Resolution No. 1718, and we strongly urge North Korea to immediately stop such measures." The North Korean Taepodong-2 missile is thought to have an intended range of about 6,700 kilometers (4,200 miles) that -- if true -- could strike Alaska or Hawaii. -- CNN's Pam Benson contributed to this report.	N. Korea: "Outer space is not a monopoly of a few specified powers" North Koreans have said they intend to launch a communications satellite . U.S. Secretary of State Clinton says U.S. has no plans to shoot rocket down . Taepodong 2 rocket could launch either a warhead or a satellite .
Sean Urda, 17, died after he lost control of his inner tube and smashed into a light pole . A 17-year-old who was killed  after smashing into a light pole on Long Island while sledding is the first fatality from the blizzard that struck the northeastern US on Monday. Sean Urda and two other 17-year-olds were taking turns sliding an inner tube down Chester Court in Huntington, New York, Monday night when Urda crashed. He was rushed to a nearby hospital with critical injuries, but pronounced dead, Newsday reports. The crash occurred about 10pm. Witnesses told police that Urda lost control of the tube and smashed into a light pole. Chester Court is a small suburban street with culs-de-sac at both ends. The north end of the street has a small hill. Urda is the first - and thus far this morning, only - death during the snow storm that caused much of the northeastern US to shut down Monday night and Tuesday morning.	Sean Urda lost control of his inner tube while sledding down a street with two friends in Huntington, New York .
Washington (CNN) -- Most Americans -- and most American Catholics -- think Pope Benedict XVI has done a bad job of dealing with the problem of sexual abuse by Catholics priests, according to a new national poll. CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey results released Friday also indicate that recent revelations about that matter have hurt the pope's standing with the public. Fifty-nine percent of American Catholics questioned in the poll have a favorable view of the pope, down 19 points from February. Among all Americans, the slippage is even greater: from 59 percent in February to just 35 percent today. "Only a quarter of U.S. Catholics have an unfavorable view of the pope, but they don't seem satisfied with his track record on the growing and persistent scandal within the church," CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said. According to the survey, 56 percent of U.S. Catholics disapprove of how Pope Benedict XVI has dealt with the problem of sexual abuse committed by priests; only about one in three Catholics has a positive view of how he has dealt with that subject. An even larger number -- 74 percent -- disapproves of how the church overall has handled that matter. Pope Benedict XVI called for "penitence" Thursday for the church's "sins" amid the sex abuse scandal that has embroiled the Roman Catholic Church, according to Italy's official news agency. Allegations against the church have piled up this year across Europe, including in Austria, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland. Pope Benedict XVI has found himself tied to the crisis after news broke last month that 30 years ago, when he was an archbishop, he approved accommodations in his diocese for a priest accused of child sex abuse so the priest could undergo therapy. The priest, who was not identified, was let go from church service in 2008, according to church officials in Germany. The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted April 9-11, with 1,008 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points and plus or minus 6.5 percentage points for the 231 American Catholics questioned. CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.	59 percent of American Catholics polled have favorable view of pope . But 56 percent disapprove of how he has dealt with abuse reports . Allegations against church have piled up across Europe recently .
Notorious serial killer Loren Herzog has committed suicide, it was revealed last night. The body of Herzog, 46, was found Monday night hanging inside his trailer located immediately outside the grounds of High Desert State Prison in Susanville, the Lassen County Sheriff's Department said. He was living so close to a prison because at the time of his death Herzog was in the middle of a fierce debate over where he was living and was the subject of a lawsuit seeking to banish him from the remote northeast California county. Normally, under Californian law, once someone is released from prison they return to the last place they lived. But relatives of victims can ask that they live at least 35 miles from their homes. Until this was resolved authorities allowed him to live in the grounds of the prison. Herzog was at the beginning of a 78-year prison sentence for three murder convictions when an appeals court in 2004 ruled investigators illegally coerced his confession. Suicide: Herzog, pictured here during a prior court appearance, was found dead Monday night near the High Desert State Prison in California . Without the confession, prosecutors . said they were left little evidence and had no choice but to offer . Herzog a deal to plead guilty to voluntary manslaughter for the killing . of Cyndi Vanderheiden, 25, in November 1998. His sentence was reduced to 14 years and he was released on parole in September 2010 after serving 11 years. With credit for time served dating . back to his 1999 arrest and time off for good behavior, the prison . system was unable to hold him longer despite calls for his continued . incarceration. Herzog and childhood friend Wesley . Shermantine were dubbed the Speed Freak Killers when they were arrested . in 1999 for Vanderheiden's murder and several others. The two were accused of terrorizing San Joaquin County for 15 years by going on methamphetamine-fueled killing sprees. Shermantine is on California's Death Row after being convicted of four murders. Murderers: Herzog, left, and childhood friend Wesley Shermantine, right, were dubbed the Speed Freak Killers when they were arrested in 1999 for the murder of 25-year-old Cyndi Vanderheiden and several others . Before Herzog's release in 2010, . family members of the alleged victims and influential San Joaquin County . politicians persuaded California Department of Corrections and . Rehabilitation officials to parole Herzog far from the Central Valley . region, where the murders occurred. CDCR's decision to locate him in . Lassen County set off a furor there that culminated with the city of . Susanville filing a lawsuit alleging prison officials were wrong to make . Herzog live there. A Lassen County judge agreed late last year and ordered prison officials to remove Herzog. He remained living in a trailer on the prison grounds in Susanville while CDCR appealed the judge's ruling. Parole agents went to Herzog's home around midnight Tuesday when a low-battery alarm on his GPS unit went off. State and county authorities are investigating his death. Plea deal: Without a confession, prosecutors said they were left little evidence and had no choice but to offer Herzog, left, a deal to plead guilty to voluntary manslaughter for the 1998 killing of Cyndi Vanderheiden, right . After he was freed in 2010, Herzog took up residence in a trailer outside the High Desert State Prison(pictured) in Susanville, California, where he was found dead Monday night .	Loren Herzog, 46, killed himself in trailer where he lived outside High Desert State Prison . Accused of methamphetamine-fueled killing spree in 80s and 90s that earned him and friend Wesley Shermantine the nickname 'Speed Freak Killers' Released from prison in 2010 after serving 11 years .
