Crude Oil Price Hits \$50 Mark The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged even though crude oil price has topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel last Tuesday for the 	business
Manufacturing Speeds Up as Consumers Spend Away  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The outlook for U.S. manufacturing  improved in November as factories hired more workers in  response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published  on Wednesday showed.	business
Focus Shifts to Dollar and Rates The post-election stock market rally has been rudely interrupted by the implications of a sliding US dollar, higher interest rates, the US current account deficit and Friday #39;s rebound in oil prices.	business
Flight attendants union chief wants strike PITTSBURGH -- The president of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union urged authorization of a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to obliterate collective bargaining rights.	business
Supreme Court sidesteps credit card dispute MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.	business
Lazard I.P.O. Seeks to Raise \$850 Million Lazard, the financial advisory boutique, filed for an initial public offering that is expected to command a valuation of around \$3 billion.	business
Ellison: Oracle Makes  #39;Final #39; PeopleSoft Bid, But CEO Can #39;t Buy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) presented its  quot;best and final offer quot; for takeover prey PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) Monday.	business
Oil Hits New Record as Demand Soars  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high  above \$47.50 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in China and India underlined how rising appetite for  oil is straining the world's supply system.	business
Four Companies Plan Expansion in Virginia  Four companies are planning to hire more than 10,000 workers for new homeland security-related jobs in Virginia over the next five years, Gov. Mark R. Warner is to announce today.	business
S P Lowers Merck Debt Rating Amid Vioxx Concern A third major debt ratings agency has stripped Merck  #38; Co. of its top credit grade, lowering the drug maker's classification by three notches amid concerns stemming from its recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx.	business
Briefly: Sarkozy focuses on aircraft aid Economic recovery in the euro zone is firmly established and inflation poses no threat, Otmar Issing, a European Central Bank executive board member, said Sunday.	business
Exxon boosted by oil price boom Exxon Mobil becomes the latest oil firm to report surging profits, driven by crude's recent record-breaking climb.	business
DreamWorks #39; initial offering pulls in 812M DreamWorks Animation creator of  quot;Shrek quot; and  quot;Shark Tale, quot; raised \$812 million in an initial public offering to fund more moviemaking.	business
Mani, Kasuri revive pipeline dream NEW DELHI: Petroleum minister Mani Shankar Aiyar and Pakistani foreign minister Khurshid M Kasuri began a new chapter on co-operation in the energy sector.	business
Despite uncertainty, taxpayers should Politics has made year-end tax planning problematic. Although tax policy is fixed for 2004, it #39;s been difficult to strategize into the future without knowing who the president would be through 2008.	business
Chain Store Sales Increase Slightly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales increased  slightly in the latest week, due in part to Labor Day sales and  back-to-school shopping, a report said on Tuesday.	business
FCC Approves Fiber-Optic Broadband Rules (AP) AP - Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans. Critics contended the action will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.	science
Comets, Asteroids and Planets around a Nearby Star (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A nearby star thought to harbor comets and asteroids now appears to be home to planets, too. The presumed worlds are smaller than Jupiter and could be as tiny as Pluto, new observations suggest.	science
Internet fails to shine for 'silver surfers' The Modern Maturity set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.	science
Samsung, Philips, HP form group to devise consumer APIs SAN JOSE, Calif. - Samsung, Philips, HP, the Digital TV Industry Alliance of China (DTVIA) and Access on Monday (Nov. 1) announced the formation of the Universal Home Application Programmer Interface (UHAPI) Forum.	science
Cisco routers get an upgrade The new wide area network access routers feature embedded security measures and voice over Internet Protocol.	science
Beijing Dumps Microsoft Deal com. Beijing #39;s municipal government canceled a \$3.5 million deal with Microsoft under pressure from national government officials and in-country rivals, financial sources reported Monday.	science
Personal Tech: HDTV Mark Cuban, co-founder and president of HDNet, discusses the world of digital television.	science
HP Trials Built-To-Order PCs to Reduce Risk  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S. computer company Hewlett-Packard  said on Wednesday it was expanding a built-to-order system for  personal computers and other high volume computer products,  similar to rival Dell.	science
Hollywood Sues Movie Pirates (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The major Hollywood movie studios today sued hundreds of people suspected of trading illegally copied movies on the Internet, a move closely modeled on the recording industry's aggressive legal campaign to stamp out music piracy.	science
The end of Genesis Launched in 2001, Genesis spent more than two years gathering samples of solar wind -- which normally doesn #39;t reach Earth #39;s surface.	science
Sun Microsystems to acquire technology services firm NEW YORK, November 30 (newratings.com) - Sun Microsystems (SUNW.NAS) has agreed to acquire SevenSpace Inc, a closely held technology services company, for an undisclosed amount.	science
Online Research Worries Many Educators (AP) AP - Go to Google, search and scroll results, click and copy. When students do research online these days, many educators worry, those are often about the only steps they take. If they can avoid a trip to the library at all, many students gladly will.	science
Longhorn Server to have one version for many roles Microsoft will let customers configure the next major release of Windows Server for specific server tasks, rather than selling a host of different Windows Server Longhorn editions tailored to those tasks.	science
AOL wants developers to get the message America Online is putting out a call to developers to bring its instant-messaging software to more cell phones. The AOL Mobile Developer program, announced Monday, is meant to reduce the time manufacturers 	science
News: Windows Upgrade Causing Campus Headaches Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are\reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.\	science
Birding Column: Moments of Photographic Rapture Birdman of Belair Mathew Tekulsky waxes on the serendipitous moments when birds and timing alight together for memorable photographs.	science
Era of Dream Team terminated in Athens Twelve years after Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson and Larry Bird led the American senior basketball team to conquer the world, the era of the US Dream Team was terminated in the summer of 2004 at Athens.	sports
MCLEISH WILL STAMP OUT SLIP-UPS - HUGHES Rangers midfielder Stephen Hughes insists manager Alex McLeish will lose no time in stamping out his sides unfortunate new habit of conceding early goals.	sports
Zardas finds his footing DANVERS -- On an almost perfect day, on an almost perfect campus, Chris Zardas and the St. John's Prep Eagles played an almost perfect game. Zardas rushed for 188 yards on 10 carries as the host Prep took a 28-0 win over Barnstable.	sports
McNair Out of Hospital, Resting at Home (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.	sports
Hockomock League  CANTON Coach: Tom Bresnahan (fourth year, 14-16). Last year's record: 7-3. Returning starters (5) : Chris Bell, OT/LB, 6-0, 250, Sr.; Mike Alberts, OL/DL, 5-10, 235, Sr.; Hashim Haneef, TE/DE, 6-2, 200, Sr.; Rob Powell, G/DT, 5-11, 235, Sr; Patrick Murphy, WR/DB, 6-1, 170, Sr. Returning lettermen: Mike Burlingame, QB/S, Sr.; Russell Burrows, G/LB, Jr.; Jacques Faubras, WR/DB, Sr.; Jason ...	sports
MLB: Boston 8, Oakland 3 David Ortiz drove in half of Boston #39;s runs Monday in an 8-3 win over the Oakland Athletics. Boston, which has won 18 of its last 20 games, remained 2 1/2 games behind the first 	sports
Suspensions Doled Out The NBA indefinitely suspends Ron Artest, Jermaine O'Neal and Stephen Jackson of Indiana and Ben Wallace of Detroit on Saturday for their roles in a brawl Friday night.	sports
Sri Lanka cruise to win Sri Lanka have virtually secured their place in the final of the Paktel Cup against Pakistan after easing to a comfortable seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe on Saturday.	sports
From Turf to Team, Boise State Takes Unconventional Approach As Boise State has proved in finishing its regular season 11-0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick: the installation of its blue turf.	sports
Off ice, his shifts are semi-regular TORONTO -- Precious few professional athletes leave their sport on their terms. Even fewer depart having won a championship in their final game. Injuries, diminished skills, and burnout can cut short careers.	sports
Television Coverage Of Londons Olympic Parade To Be Used In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Evening Standard reports that London will use television coverage from Mondays parade of Olympians to convince Olympic leaders of Britains enthusiasm to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.	sports
Schilling Has Surgery Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has surgery to repair his injured right ankle with no complications Tuesday, the team doctor said.	sports
Astros place playoff tickets on sale today The Astros will put individual game tickets for the Division Series on sale today at 8 am on astros.com and over the phone toll free at 877-927-8767.	sports
Patriots Get Help From Colts in Opener The New England Patriots held off the Indianapolis Colts to extend their winning streak to 16 games and begin their quest to repeat as Super Bowl champions.	sports
 #39;Desperate #39; maneuver bites ABC The opening of ABC #39;s Monday Night Football game between the Eagles and Dallas Cowboys featured a sexy take-off skit starring Owens and three members of the popular  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; team.	sports
Bills look to McGahee for a spark Willis McGahee has emerged as the Buffalo Bills starting running back based on his ability to provide more of a spark to a sputtering offence.	sports
Muslim girls defy French headscarf ban Dozens of Muslim girls have been disobeying the French government #39;s recent ban on wearing headscarves in public schools since the school year began last week.	world
Revamped EU team faces vote The European Parliament is to vote on whether to approve the new executive commission team on Thursday. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged parliament to back his revised choice.	world
Rebranded Liechtenstein Welcomes Fresh Prince  VADUZ, Liechtenstein (Reuters) - The people of  Liechtenstein ushered in a new era Sunday as the tiny Alpine  principality welcomed a new ruler and sought to shed its image  as a haven for money launderers.	world
Anwar #39;s return in Malaysian politics His release, when it came, stopped a nation. The stock market soared, pigtails left untended in protest for six years were cut, websites crashed and long queues formed on highways as ecstatic 	world
Iraq: US claims to kill al-Zarqawi aide in Fallujah The US military said Tuesday that an aide to Jordanian activists Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in Fallujah.  quot;The 3 am strike hit a known safehouse being used by al-Zarqawi #39;s terrorist network 	world
Two Blasts Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 21 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs ripped through crowded Baghdad streets on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96, as insurgents step up their campaign to undermine the country's U.S.-backed interim government and drive the United States and its allies out of Iraq.    In the first explosion, a four-wheel-drive vehicle packed with explosives detonated outside the heavily fortified Green Zone, the seat of the U.S...	world
Hello! appeals in Zeta Jones case Hello! magazine is to appeal against damages awarded to its rival OK! over Catherine Zeta Jones' wedding photos.	world
Airport back in Ivory Coast hands French troops in Ivory Coast pull back from some of their positions at the main airport in the largest city, Abidjan.	world
Egypt arrests five over Sinai bombings (AFP) AFP - Egypt announced it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.	world
The Changing Face Of Al-Qaeda In a series of apparently well-coordinated raids, British and Pakistani security forces arrested a number of terrorism suspects in early August. Some of the men arrested in the United Kingdom were charged with  quot;conspiring...to cause fear, panic, and ...	world
Kerry: Bush Is No Good Samaritan (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush Thursday of failing the Biblical test set by the Good Samaritan, saying, "He's seen people in need, but he's crossed over to the other side of the street."	world
Iraq deaths claim 'to be studied' The government will examine claims 100,000 Iraqi civilians have been killed since the US-led invasion, Jack Straw says.	world
Iran Says It Tested 'Strategic Missile' (AP) AP - Iran added a "strategic missile" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.	world
Gonzales Is Likely to Face Criticism in Hearings Alberto Gonzales, nominee for attorney general, may face vigorous interrogation during confirmation hearings about his role in the treatment of detainees.	world
US forces launch airstrikes in Fallujah The American military launched new airstrikes against suspected militant bases in Falljuah Saturday. They also carried out probing attacks on the city #39;s outskirts, as they prepare for a major operation here.	world
Terrorism, Debt Loom Over Australia Election Prime Minister John Howard doesn #39;t have one new Tampa #39; #39; heading into next month #39;s Australian election, but two. The MV Tampa was the vessel Howard #39;s party rode to victory in November 2001, figuratively speaking.	world
