In the meantime , the Richter 7.9 earthquake in India 's western state of Gujarat has completely leveled the town of Bhuj , and official sources expect the death toll to exceed 20,000 .	Richter 7.9 ! measure ; India ! country ; Gujarat ! country ; Bhuj ! country ; 20,000 ! num ;
The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building with 14 - foot ceilings and big , operable windows .	10,000 square feet ! measure ; 14 - foot ! measure ;
The 8,000 figures that have been unearthed at the site in Shaanxi Province were all executed with painstaking realism .	8,000 ! num ; Shaanxi Province ! country ;
Because the framers of the Constitution wanted to protect the press so that they could perform a basic role in government oversight /.	Constitution ! law ;
In 1862 at the earliest finding of archaeopteryx in the state of Bavaria , Germany , it stirred the whole world .	1862 ! date ; Bavaria , Germany ! country ;
The Urumchi negotiation meeting has become an important component in China 's opening up to the outside world .	The Urumchi negotiation meeting ! thing ; China ! country ;
Brown versus Board of Education is in my home state of Kansas /.	Brown versus Board of Education ! law ; Kansas ! country ;
Would n't one presume that the two concepts be the same ... that the employee would want to be near where a qualified workforce lives ... AND vice versa ?	two ! num ;
As a result , this small island just a bit over 90 kilometers from Utsuryo Island , South Korea , again triggered a diplomatic conflict between the two countries .	90 kilometers ! measure ; Utsuryo Island ! location ; South Korea ! country ; two ! num ;
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is turning to Russia for help in ending the Mideast violence .	Palestinian ! national ; Yasser Arafat ! person ; Russia ! country ; Mideast ! location ;
Few Chinese have ever mastered Portuguese , and there are not many people who understand both Western law and the Chinese language .	Chinese ! national ; Portuguese ! language ; Chinese ! language ;
Ventalin is a spray .	Ventalin ! product ;
Turns out she 's been living just two miles from her family all this time allegedly held as a prisoner in a man 's home /.	two miles ! measure ;
Then Aer Lingus , the Irish flag carrier , could teach Aeroflot pilots to fly the Boeings , and the fleet could be based here at Shannon Airport .	Aer Lingus ! org ; Irish ! national ; Aeroflot ! org ; Boeings ! org ; Shannon Airport ! fact ;
Last night in Tel Aviv , Jews attacked a restaurant that employs Palestinians .	Last night ! time ; Tel Aviv ! country ; Jews ! national ; Palestinians ! national ;
Al - Kanhal 's 2005 statement for which he was suspended .	Al - Kanhal 's 2005 ! person ;
After she was on Talk &of &the Nation	Talk &of &the Nation ! art ;
After Director Ba passed away , the magazine still wrote that he was the chief editor .	Director Ba ! person ;
Her remains were found last Thursday in Matthews County Virgina about seventy miles from Richmond /.	last Thursday ! date ; Matthews County Virgina ! location ; seventy miles ! measure ; Richmond ! location ;
According to the target set for this program , by 2000 , Zhejiang Province 's total volume of imports and exports will reach 20 billion US dollars , including 15 billion US dollars from exports and 5 billion from imports ; the volume of foreign funds to be utilized during the " ninth five - year plan " period will reach 6 billion US dollars , including 5 billion US dollars of direct investment by foreign businessmen .	2000 ! date ; Zhejiang Province 's ! country ; 20 billion US dollars ! money ; 15 billion US dollars ! money ; 5 billion ! num ; ninth five - year ! order ; 6 billion US dollars ! date ; 5 billion US dollars ! money ;
The kind of heel insoles on the Wal - Mart pharmacy shelves are OK .	Wal - Mart ! org ;
The whole world seems to be learning English .	English ! language ;
Political prodigy slashes payroll 60 % , turns decrepit loser into mega-profit - maker , earns industry kudos and multiple millions .	60 % ! per ; multiple millions ! num ;
Now the annual output of the monocrystalline silicon has reached more than 20 tons , becoming number one in the entire country , and its sales market extends from inside the country and South East Asia to many European and American countries .	more than 20 tons ! measure ; one ! num ; South East Asia ! location ; European ! national ; American ! national ;
Two thousand four Ohio Ohio Ohio /.	Two thousand four Ohio Ohio Ohio ! date ;
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol , signed by 24 nations in 1987 .	the Montreal Protocol ! law ; 24 ! num ; 1987 ! date ;
Could they share the White House without driving each other crazy ?	the White House ! fact ;
To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency .	Gann ! law ;
I approached `` Mastergate , '' Larry Gelbart 's new comedy at the Criterion Center , with considerable trepidation .	Mastergate ! art ; Larry Gelbart 's ! person ; the Criterion Center ! fact ;
In Tseng 's view the coming decade will be key to determine whether the city can transform itself from a " city of immigrants and migrants " to a " city of residents . "	Tseng ! person ;
Therefore , unraveling this historical feud , the Northern Territories issue , is not so clear - cut , since history , society , and law , as well as nationalist sentiments are all entangled together .	Northern Territories ! location ;
Should we also push over the fake Leifeng Tower ?	Leifeng Tower ! fact ;
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney - disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association .	Illinois ! country ; 36 ! num ; 32 ! num ; the American Bar Association ! org ;
During the " eighth five - year plan " period , all kinds of savings increased by five billion yuan net , compared to at the end of the " seventh five - year plan " period -LRB- 1986 to 1990 -RRB- , an average increase of 27.49 % per annum .	eighth five - year ! order ; five billion yuan ! date ; seventh five - year ! money ; 1986 to 1990 ! order ; 27.49 % ! date ;
The daughter - in - law series was a collection of all - Taiwanese - language stories broadcast by CTS , describing the relationship between daughters - in - law and mothers - in - law in Taiwan 's traditional rural society .	Taiwanese ! language ; CTS ! org ; Taiwan ! country ;
I think I 'm the only one here who signed a nondisclosure agreement when I was Director of National Drug Control Policy /.	National Drug Control Policy ! law ;
Air Force One was stranded grounded by the heavy rains .	Air Force One ! product ;
A company official said Arthur Borie , until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. , will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary , and will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar .	Arthur Borie ! person ; January ! date ; Pic 'N Save Inc. ! org ; 20 % ! per ; Wisconsin Toy ! org ; Everything 's a Dollar ! org ;
Welcoming the Year of the Pig -- Annual Spring Festival Lamb Hot Pot Party of the Beijing Association of Greater Washington	the Year of the Pig ! thing ; Spring Festival ! thing ; the Beijing Association of Greater Washington ! org ;
Under the new provisions , anyone convicted and sentenced to jail under the Organized Crime Statute is barred for life from seeking election to an official post , while those indicted for a capital offence or for crimes carrying sentences of ten years or more are barred pending the verdict of the court .	the Organized Crime Statute ! law ;
After 150 hours of aerobic exercise , insoles may lose their elasticity , that is when they should be replaced .	150 hours ! measure ;
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty .	Africa ! location ;
This is what arouses worry at the time of Occupation and in the light of the general collapse , the prevalence of corruption and narrow interests , and in the light of the torn national unity .	Occupation ! thing ;
SCI TV 's buy - out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships .	SCI TV 's ! org ; Kravis ! person ; KKR ! org ;
For instance , the al Jazeera TV station 's office in Afghanistan was bombed in 2001 .	al Jazeera TV ! org ; Afghanistan ! country ; 2001 ! date ;
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down .	Poland ! country ; Communist ! national ; last year ! date ; this year ! date ;
is Russian way	Russian ! language ;
But instead we get a crazy woman murdering her husband in front of the Statue of Liberty .	the Statue of Liberty ! art ;
Right now we 're also waiting to hear from the President at the White House .	the White House ! fact ;
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.33 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.06 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days .	8.45 % 30 days ! per ; 8.33 % 60 days ! date ; 8.32 % 90 days ! per ; 8.15 % 120 days ! date ; 8.06 % 150 days ! per ; 7.96 % 180 days ! date ;
" We must ask ourselves some questions , too , when EMBAs are thought of as giving away degrees to the privileged few , " comments Wu Se - Hwa .	EMBAs ! art ; Wu Se - Hwa ! person ;
I really do n't think we have much longer than the end of January before real disaster starts hitting from the economic point of view .	the end of January ! date ;
Border trade volume was 12.4 billion yuan .	12.4 billion yuan ! money ;
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue .	Pennsylvania Avenue ! fact ;
They came Saturday and stayed Saturday night and Sunday and left Monday	Saturday ! date ; Saturday ! date ; Sunday ! date ; Monday ! date ;
This went on for about two hours before they were finally let out and everyone was finally able to figure out what had happened here /.	about two hours ! time ;
57 % went for Clinton , and as for Lazio 's voters , a lot of people said this was a campaign about Hillary Clinton .	57 % ! per ; Clinton ! person ; Lazio ! person ; Hillary Clinton ! person ;
Well this is our second time .	second ! order ;
The book , Dear , I Want You to Look Good For Me is billing itself as " the first book of sartorial philosophy against which men can measure themselves . "	Dear , I Want You to Look Good For Me ! art ; first ! order ;
But here across the river on what locals call the West Bank they have different problems the kind you do n't mind having like where to get coffee or go shopping /.	the West Bank ! location ;
For instance , polyester is the most widely used man - made fiber , and little Taiwan produces no less than 17 % of the total worldwide supply , making it the largest supplier .	Taiwan ! country ; 17 % ! per ;
Liberals saw the savagery of the nine eleven attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding to our attackers /.	nine eleven ! thing ;
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll - call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit - seeking .	Second ! order ; Democrats ! national ; Republicans ! national ;
Second , over-indebted American consumers with their insufficient savings are using their increasingly overvalued houses to support their excessive consumption ; and now housing prices are turning soft , people are losing their rights to redeem their mortgage , and consumer demand will face greater pressures .	Second ! order ; American ! national ;
The plane failed to reach Molokai 's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui .	Molokai ! location ; Saturday ! date ; Maui ! location ;
Women account for 47 % of HIV - positive adults .	47 % ! per ;
6. Joining up with a good company is also a shortcut to getting rich ; many new companies are now hiring , and 51.com is currently hiring on a large scale <http://companyads.51job.com/companyads/shanghai/sh/shengdong_060627/i...> .	6. ! num ;
It began turning a profit after only one - and - a - half years in operation , and its revenues , which were already over NT$ 100 million by 1999 , shot up to NT$ 300 million last year .	only one - and - a - half years ! date ; over NT$ 100 million ! money ; 1999 ! date ; NT$ 300 million last year ! money ;
I 'm flying in on the twenty - eighth .	twenty - eighth ! date ;
Apart from economics , what other forms of possible interaction can Taiwan and Macau share ?	Taiwan ! country ; Macau ! country ;
The Vice President will be presenting the Jimmy Doolittle Award to the Secretary of Defense .	the Jimmy Doolittle Award ! art ; Defense ! org ;
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 .	about 18 % ! per ; 1.7 ! num ; 100 million miles ! measure ; between 1986 and 1988 ! date ;
In addition to these emergency measures , the EPA has also been working to draft : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a set of guidelines for establishing task forces to deal with major maritime environmental disasters ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- an emergency response plan for maritime oil spills .	EPA ! org ; 1 ! num ; 2 ! num ;
Tomorrow 's meeting could signal a possible job offer for Breaux .	Tomorrow ! date ; Breaux ! person ;
What he meant by the wish was to stop visiting Yasukuni Shrine .	Yasukuni Shrine ! art ;
Advanced training for professionals has become a hot topic among executives over the past two years , but continuing education is nothing new among Taiwan 's universities .	the past two years ! date ; Taiwan ! country ;
Mr. Salvagni , 53 years old , succeeds John C. Griffin , 57 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing .	Salvagni ! person ; 53 years old ! date ; John C. Griffin ! person ; 57 ! date ;
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump .	more than $ 600 million ! money ; several seasons ! date ; 80 % ! per ;
This health club in Taipei 's fashionable eastern district , with its stylish lighting and blasting music , is more like a discotheque .	Taipei ! country ;
I think that there will be a careful looking again at what certain due process elements are that the Constitution and the Supreme Court has required in the past /.	Constitution ! law ; the Supreme Court ! org ;
A more powerful collision is expected to occur at 10:30 that night , and the serial number of the nucleus is No. 17 .	10:30 that night ! time ; 17 ! num ;
Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts .	Chapter 11 ! law ;
According to presentations , Wuhan will further improve the investing environment .	Wuhan ! country ;
Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts .	a few miles ! measure ; Tivoli ! country ;
Xinhua News Agency , three gorges construction site , December 2 , by wire -LRB- reporter Shuchu Pi and correspondent Zhongxiang Liao -RRB-	Xinhua News Agency ! org ; three gorges ! org ; December 2 ! date ; Shuchu Pi ! person ; Zhongxiang Liao ! person ;
It says the explosion happened more than two hours after the ship was tied to a fuel dock , not during the mooring operation , as previously thought .	more than two hours ! time ;
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.2 billion -RRB- deficit in the current account reported for August .	# 2 billion ! money ; $ 3.2 billion ! money ; August ! date ;
To the enemy 's complete surprise , desolate Shi'nao Mountain had been turned into a strong combat fortress by our troops in less than a night .	Shi'nao Mountain ! location ; less than a night ! time ;
Two Palestinians were killed , a mother and a child apparently .	Two Palestinians ! num ;
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf .	Crusaders ! product ; France ! country ; Lebanon ! country ; the Persian Gulf ! location ;
Well , if it 's as close as they are saying it is , breakfast , but if the returns come in early election night , probably a Happy Meal from McDonald 's .	early election night ! time ; Happy Meal ! product ; McDonald 's ! org ;
Some Israelis at least , if not most of them , are still hoping that President Clinton might be able to intervene and help in the short time he has left , but the more things are complicated and uncertain back there in the States , I think more and more Israelis are worried that there 's nobody to turn to , and I think what happened in the past few days among Israelis here is a new perception that maybe things in the United States are not as perfect as they might have thought .	Israelis ! national ; Clinton ! person ; States ! country ; Israelis ! national ; the past few days ! date ; Israelis ! national ; the United States ! country ;
It now holds the No. 3 position at U.S. department - store cosmetic counters .	3 ! num ; U.S. ! country ;
Well , their 15 minutes on top of the world brought them 50 years of fame .	15 minutes ! time ; 50 years ! date ;
With so many secrets linked to the Kursk , Russia 's most advanced nuclear submarine , the full truth may never emerge , even if the bodies and the boat eventually do .	Kursk ! product ; Russia ! country ;
It might be worth reiterating that the Kursk was such a prestigious submarine and really held a high position in terms of the Russian Navy , so this is something that Russians themselves are still dealing with even now .	Kursk ! product ; the Russian Navy ! org ; Russians ! national ;
And no one suggested looking into the responsibility of the Earthquake Administration ?	the Earthquake Administration ! org ;
In Africa , the capital of the Ivory Coast is being torn apart .	Africa ! location ; the Ivory Coast ! country ;
In the past , English teaching placed too much emphasis on reading and writing , whereas now for most primary school students , " learning to understand and speak is foremost , reading and writing is secondary . "	English ! language ;
Moreover , developed countries ' inflation rate for 1998 are forecasted to maintain a low level of 2 % , but many countries will still be perplexed with high unemployment , with the most outstanding being the EU .	1998 ! date ; 2 % ! per ; EU ! org ;
This alone saves more than 20 million yuan in costs for the factory each year .	more than 20 million yuan ! money ;
Last October , during the 1988 Summer Games , NBC relentlessly pitched a new series , `` Tattingers . ''	Last October ! date ; 1988 Summer Games ! date ; NBC ! thing ; Tattingers ! org ;
The First Sino - Japanese War , the Russo - Japanese War and 9/18 all ended in a short time , and there were no destructive effects on Japan 's economic structure .	The First Sino - Japanese War ! thing ; the Russo - Japanese War ! thing ; 9/18 ! thing ; Japan ! country ;
In May , Rep. Don Edwards -LRB- D. Calif . -RRB- introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard .	May ! date ; Don Edwards ! person ; D. Calif . ! national ;
Crewmen , now at battle stations , stand at a 50 - caliber machine gun that was unmanned when the attack occurred .	50 - caliber ! measure ;
In a moment , check in on the Pentagon and get the latest on the Iraqi prisoners of war .	a moment ! time ; Pentagon ! org ; Iraqi ! national ;
`` This is the first of many rumors we expect to hear during the sale 's process , '' said a Bloomingdale 's spokesman .	first ! order ; Bloomingdale 's ! org ;
We never care about Said or the `` hypocrites '' he hunts .	Said ! person ;
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come .	a million barrels ! measure ; up to 2 % annually ! per ; years ! date ;
The fighting also spread to Arab villages inside Israel .	Arab ! national ; Israel ! country ;
Judges in the Netherlands are refusing to dismiss charges against one of two defendants in the Lockerbie bombing trial .	Netherlands ! country ; one ! num ; two ! num ; Lockerbie ! country ;
Mars is carbon dioxide , so we ca n't breathe there .	Mars ! location ;
This will indeed lead to the great disappointment of neighboring countries in him , and furthermore to their caution about whether next , the prime minister , the defense minister , including , er , the foreign minister would all go pay their respects at Yasukuni Shrine .	Yasukuni Shrine ! art ;
Its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 197 pence .	a penny ! money ; 197 pence ! money ;
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers .	night ! time ;
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail - sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door - to - door salespeople .	The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics ! org ; almost 2 % ! per ; about four ! num ;
The National Defense Law and the organic law of the Ministry of Defense : The NDL will unify the administrative channel -LRB- previously handled by the Ministry of Defense -RRB- and the war - fighting chain of command -LRB- previously under the virtually autonomous general staff -RRB- .	The National Defense Law ! law ; the organic law of the Ministry of Defense ! law ; NDL ! law ; the Ministry of Defense ! org ;
By the Constitution and everything else is in charge of Iraq /.	Constitution ! law ; Iraq ! country ;
Good evening .	evening ! time ;
We 're committed to expanding trade which builds prosperity on both sides of the Atlantic .	Atlantic ! location ;
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works .	Jazz Cleopatra ! art ;
Meanwhile , in the South Pacific , there were gains and losses , with the ROC losing its formal ties with Tonga but gaining formal recognition from the Marshall Islands .	the South Pacific ! location ; ROC ! country ; Tonga ! country ; the Marshall Islands ! country ;
The `` USS Abraham Lincoln , '' it 's a guided missile destroyer .	The `` USS Abraham Lincoln ! product ;
The Chinese field of battle had already fulfilled its mission .	Chinese ! national ;
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says .	15 % to 20 % ! per ; last year ! date ;
" The primary English program is not a subject like mathematics or Chinese .	English ! language ; Chinese ! language ;
" The mood of good cheer and togetherness at New Year can indeed leave some heart - warming memories , " acknowledges Li Yuan .	New Year ! thing ; Li Yuan ! person ;
Arrived at that very familiar stopover air base at Ramstein in Germany on their way home .	Ramstein ! fact ; Germany ! country ;
Did you know that 90 % of the knowledge in the world has been produced in the half century since the end of World War II ?	90 % ! per ; the half century ! date ; World War II ! thing ;
Even taken according to directions , Lomotil was known to mask dangerous dehydration and cause a lethal build - up of fluids internally .	Lomotil ! product ;
As he sees it , the children must not feel that learning English is putting them under a lot of pressure .	English ! language ;
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif .	Atlantis ! product ; Earth ! location ; several hours ! time ; Calif ! country ;
" The new waves on the Yangtze River push the old waves along " - i.e. each generation outdoes the last - and in an age of rapid change , the sense of crisis this induces in the older generations is amplified .	the Yangtze River ! location ;
He flies one of the As behind me , the Warthog attack planes .	Warthog ! product ;
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients .	Bethlehem Steel 's ! org ; 54 % ! per ; the third quarter ! date ;
The series An Official 's Wife , produced by Chou You , brought together Taiwanese performer Chen Ya - lan -LRB- left -RRB- and mainland star Zhang Guoli .	An Official 's Wife ! art ; Chou You ! person ; Taiwanese ! national ; Chen Ya - lan ! person ; Zhang Guoli ! person ;
Officials from Tianjin Foreign Economic and Trade Committee say that Tianjin and Russia are geographically adjacent , and have a strong trade complement .	Tianjin Foreign Economic and Trade Committee ! org ; Tianjin ! country ; Russia ! country ;
Yet however obvious the premise , the RMA concept -- transported to the Pentagon and put in the context of an onrushing generation of electronic warfare , of near - nuclear effects with non-nuclear means , along with Ogarkov 's call for fresh tactics -LRB- and thus new weaponry and higher spending -RRB- -- was taken up by innovators , opportunists , and their assorted hybrids on both sides of the Cold War .	RMA ! thing ; Pentagon ! org ; Ogarkov ! person ; the Cold War ! thing ;
Lee Kuan Yew Visits Taiwan	Lee Kuan Yew ! person ; Taiwan ! country ;
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society .	Russian ! national ;
In actual fact , English for children was already popular all over Taiwan even before these moves .	English ! language ; Taiwan ! country ;
In contrast , the fatality rate in the states that retained the 55 mph limit was 0.9 last year , the same as in 1986 .	55 mph ! measure ; 0.9 last year ! per ; 1986 ! date ;
Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale .	Poland ! country ;
In one classroom seven or eight students look at phonetic symbols on the blackboard and repeat the words after their teacher in a loud chorus , learning the relationship between the phonetic symbols and the letters .	seven ! num ; eight ! num ;
It is reported that the main contents of these new measures include promoting strategic restructuring of provincial foreign trade companies to focus on developing scaled operations and organizing enterprise groups ; to expand the extent of exporting backbone industries products ; and to successfully organize the Foreign Business Investment and Business Invitation Conference held in Hong Kong and the '98 China Investment and Trade Negotiation Conference , etc .	the Foreign Business Investment and Business Invitation Conference ! thing ; Hong Kong ! country ; '98 China Investment and Trade Negotiation Conference ! date ;
The $ 99 CD - ROM disk -LRB- it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment -RRB- combines animation , music and sound .	99 ! money ; Apple Macintosh ! org ;
When that happens , the chaos of the Cultural Revolution will pale by comparison , and it will be too late to cry .	the Cultural Revolution ! thing ;
What is even more unexpected is that two Chinese seismologists who precisely predicted the Tangshan quake and who have spent a lifetime doing earthquake research coincidentally believe that China has not made progress in earthquake forecasting levels , but has actually gone backwards .	two Chinese ! fact ; Tangshan ! national ; China ! country ;
The second reason to look back at Huang 's early fiction is to highlight the continuity of Letting Them Go .	second ! order ; Huang ! person ; Letting Them Go ! art ;
The Galileo spacecraft sped unerringly toward the planet Jupiter , while five astronauts aboard the space shuttle Atlantis measured the Earth 's ozone layer .	Galileo ! product ; Jupiter ! person ; five ! num ; Atlantis ! product ; Earth ! location ;
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points .	D.T. ! art ;
In addition , milk also contains about 3 % fat , which also plays the role of supplying energy .	3 % ! per ;
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres .	five adjoining acres ! measure ; 200,000 ! money ; first ! order ; the five acres ! measure ; the 15 acres ! measure ;
And by the way , there were also Omanis with us , and they completed the course normally with us ..	Omanis ! national ;
He then hung a rope out a third - floor window and lowered himself to safety , injuring his hands slightly in the process .	third ! order ;
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable .	Filipino ! language ;
" The way children learn English now wo n't be the same as it was for us .	English ! language ;
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass - distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .	Nearly 70 % ! per ; Andrew Shore ! person ; Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc ! org ;
but there 's not much to say about it when you 're an atheist '' -LRB- 255 -RRB- .	255 ! num ;
Well first and most importantly the decision did not require the President to release the prisoners at Guantanamo /.	first ! order ; Guantanamo ! thing ;
The three policy adjustments for foreign economy and trade to be implemented by the State this year include : reducing the export tax refund rate , implementing the bank accounting system of deposits for imported raw materials and parts for the processing trade , and canceling of preferential duty free treatment for imported equipment .	three ! num ; State this year ! org ;
By car , take the Taipei Ilan Highway .	the Taipei Ilan Highway ! fact ;
At Immaculate Conception	Immaculate Conception ! fact ;
and the second paper I got a B minus	second ! order ;
On the basis of international observations , forecast data , and many years of their own research observations and precise calculations concerning asteroids and comets , planet research experts at the Zijin Mountain Astronomical Observatory of Nanjing recently forecasted the specific time for observing this astronomic phenomenon from China .	the Zijin Mountain Astronomical Observatory ! fact ; Nanjing ! country ; China ! country ;
Later in the day , post-inaugural celebrations kicked off around the island and commentary on Chen Shui - bian 's address came pouring in from across the political spectrum .	Later in the day ! time ; Chen Shui - bian 's ! person ;
By some twist of fate even the Daoist deity Guan Gong , who never made much money during his time as a mortal , has come to be regarded as a god of wealth .	Daoist ! national ;
The awarding ceremony was solemnly held at The Philippines Cultural Center .	Philippines Cultural Center ! fact ;
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday .	1.6055 ! money ; 1.6030 late Monday ! money ;
American Morning executive producer Kim Bondy has a house in New Orleans /.	American Morning ! art ; Kim Bondy ! person ; New Orleans ! country ;
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district / state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts / states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .	GOP ! org ;
... and today .. I paid $ 68 bucks to fill up my 89 Ford Van .	68 ! money ; Ford ! org ;
We asked a couple law professors earlier this evening to discuss the issue with us /.	earlier this evening ! time ;
uh They came up with this Bill of Rights beyond which uh the constitutional convention would not move unless there were a First Amendment to challenge the government just as the American Founding Fathers challenged the British government /.	this Bill of Rights ! law ; a First Amendment ! law ; American ! national ; British ! national ;
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week .	Vanguard Group ! org ; more than $ 50 million ! money ; last week ! date ;
American officials say the Kursk may have sunk after a torpedo misfire but Moscow authorities are still investigating .	American ! national ; Kursk ! product ; Moscow ! country ;
And , I knew I wanted to teach English as a second language as a career	English ! language ;
or he will be out on bond with a two hundred dollar bond /.	two hundred dollar ! money ;
The " Audit Law " consists of 7 chapters and 51 items , and will be implemented on January 1st , 1995 .	The " Audit Law " ! law ; 7 ! num ; 51 ! num ; January 1st , 1995 ! date ;
Current offerings include a class on environmental preservation for children , while for both children and adults there are classes on calligraphy , traditional Hakka folk songs , and local history .	Hakka ! national ;
Sixty - two percent say wrong track /.	Sixty - two percent ! per ;
The Zhanjiang Port , which was the earliest built and is large - scale , now has 31 operating berths , among which 24 are deep - water berths with a tonnage between 10,000 to 70,000 tons , and has an annual throughput reaching over 18 million tons .	The Zhanjiang Port ! fact ; 31 ! num ; 24 ! num ; between 10,000 to 70,000 tons ! measure ; 18 million tons ! measure ;
Now back to the Abrams report /.	the Abrams report ! art ;
you got to go for big baby Davis /.	Davis ! person ;
The Go teams from China and Korea will shift to Seoul on September 1st , and will hold the second competition in the Le Tian Hotel on the 2nd .	China ! country ; Korea ! country ; Seoul ! country ; September 1st ! date ; second ! order ; the Le Tian Hotel ! fact ; the 2nd ! date ;
But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets .	30 % or 40 % ! per ; CBS ! org ;
I think we 're heading toward a Donnybrook /.	Donnybrook ! thing ;
These include Costco , the third largest superstore retailer in the United States ; B&Q , the largest do - it - yourself hardware chain in Britain ; and Taiwan 's own RT - Mart .	Costco ! org ; third ! order ; the United States ! country ; B&Q ! org ; Britain ! country ; Taiwan ! country ; RT - Mart ! org ;
But the problem with this stuff is Ida that after a while your body gets used to it ,	Ida ! person ;
But in the view of Yeh Chin - tai , Ritek 's CEO , MP3 is little more than a toy for kids .	Yeh Chin - tai ! person ; Ritek ! org ;
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million -LRB- $ 16.1 -RRB- in revenue in the past 12 months .	# 10 million ! money ; 16.1 ! money ; the past 12 months ! date ;
Foot - long red coffins would sit on counters in big stores , and people would carry around mini-coffin key chains .	Foot ! measure ;
Over the weekend he was upgraded to fair condition and he was scheduled to have surgery today to prepare what remains of his arm for a prosthetic .	the weekend ! date ; today ! date ;
Maintaining peaceful relations across the Taiwan Strait is the common hope of the vast majority of the people of Taiwan .	the Taiwan Strait ! location ; Taiwan ! country ;
The meeting , which lasted about two hours , followed Cairo talks earlier Wednesday between Mr. Ben - Ami and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .	about two hours ! time ; Cairo ! country ; earlier Wednesday ! time ; Ben - Ami ! person ; Egyptian ! national ; Hosni Mubarak ! person ;
This find is of great important significance for studying dinosaur classification in the Xixia area , probing into dinosaur zoology and breeding habits , restoring the zoology and ecology of the dinosaur era and revealing laws about the earth 's surface changing and the earth 's environment evolving .	the Xixia area ! location ; earth ! location ; earth ! location ;
Democratic reform in Taiwan in recent years has come about without the shedding of a single drop of blood ; this is an amazing accomplishment .	Taiwan ! country ; recent years ! date ;
He ca n't speak English , and is penniless and destitute after his money is stolen by some homeless people .	English ! language ;
It was at least still more than 1,000 meters in height and the precipitous slope was n't under 60 plus degrees .	more than 1,000 meters ! measure ; 60 plus degrees ! measure ;
Lake Superior , the largest of the five Great Lakes .	Lake Superior ! location ; five Great Lakes ! num ;
I do n't know if it was because I had done two before that or if I just really enjoyed the material I was working with	two ! num ;
The hostility between two men who 'd been rivals in the past has , on the surface , dissipated , and it 's made clear the former Prime Minister will campaign alongside the present Prime Minister in the elections for the next Prime Minister due to take place on February .	two ! num ;
In this coalition , it is the United States doing the overwhelming load of the fighting .	the United States ! country ;
97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott --	97th ! order ; Republican ! national ; Trent Lott ! person ;
I hope one of the members can bring us this photo .	one ! num ;
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges .	Spanish ! national ;
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	China ! country ; two Hong Kong ! num ;
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider - trading investigations .	first two GAF ! order ;
The series Love , broadcast by CTS in 1983 , was the first prime - time drama to use Taiwanese , and marked a new beginning for Taiwanese nativist drama .	Love ! art ; CTS ! org ; 1983 ! date ; first ! order ; Taiwanese ! language ; Taiwanese nativist ! national ;
well we spoke in English ,	English ! language ;
This is a very small figure in terms of trade relations between two countries .	two ! num ;
The CCP members who were at the Lu jiatuo Mine in 1976 were the last to come up .	CCP ! org ; the Lu jiatuo Mine ! fact ; 1976 ! date ;
Now as for the workers or associates as they 're called by Wal - Mart their average salary is below what the government considers the federal poverty line /.	Wal - Mart ! org ;
Carried aboard were 639 kilograms of such articles as food , water , fuel , scientific instruments , etc .	639 kilograms ! measure ;
The performers spoke in both Mandarin and Taiwanese .	Mandarin ! language ; Taiwanese ! language ;
Because Mr. Krenz has been very much in accord with the policies of Honecker . ''	Krenz ! person ; Honecker ! person ;
The battle for customer loyalty is evident along the Cobb Parkway strip .	Cobb Parkway ! fact ;
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices .	The Voting Rights Act ! law ; 1965 ! date ; the Fifteenth Amendment ! law ; Southern ! national ;
The calculations generally rely on an after - tax rate of return of 8 % annually -- a rate historically obtainable by the individual in only one place , the stock market .	8 % annually ! per ; only one ! date ;
Yearly output exceeded designed capability by 78 % , last year already attaining 7.12 million cases .	78 % ! per ; last year ! date ; 7.12 million ! num ;
" If you do n't have looks , and you ca n't dress well , you wo n't even be able to find a job as a clerk in a clothing store , which is ranked as one of the lowest status job categories , " says Chen Ta - wei .	Chen Ta - wei ! person ;
But too late for the `` Cole . ''	Cole ! product ;
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties .	Volokh ! person ; Russian ! national ;
Because when there is no gravity as there is on Mars , the body does n't pick up the calcium in the bones , so it does n't keep getting the bones stronger and stronger , so they will just lose it .	Mars ! location ;
It is estimated that the production value of " Tang Maikang " will reach 600 million yuan next year and 1.5 billion yuan in 2000 .	600 million yuan ! money ; 1.5 billion yuan ! money ; 2000 ! date ;
The flight is also reported to be the first to carry an Iraqi official out of Baghdad since the United Nations placed sanctions on Iraq 10 years ago .	first ! order ; Iraqi ! national ; Baghdad ! country ; the United Nations ! org ; Iraq 10 years ago ! country ;
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white - majority districts and six black - majority districts .	the Voting Rights Act ! law ; June the Justice Department ! date ; Birmingham ! org ; three ! country ; six ! num ;
Supplemental Security Income payments to the disabled also will rise 4.7 % , starting with checks received on Dec. 29 , 1988 , increasing the maximum SSI payment to $ 386 from $ 368 a month .	4.7 % ! per ; Dec. 29 , 1988 ! date ; 386 ! money ; 368 ! money ;
A Royal Decree was issued , called -LRB- the Reverse Decree -RRB- , which prohibits foreigners from working in vegetable sales .	A Royal Decree ! law ; -LRB- the Reverse Decree -RRB- ! law ;
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment .	Superfund ! law ;
The West has been rewarding the democratic reforms in Serbia with big aid packages , but the money comes with some conditions attached .	West ! location ; Serbia ! country ;
Join us again tomorrow night at five and seven eastern for the hardball hot shot /.	tomorrow night ! time ; five and seven eastern ! time ;
and happy Independence Day to both of you /.	Independence Day ! thing ;
The famous 110 meter hurdle competitor from the UK , Jackson , and the famous long - jump competitor from the US , Powell clinched the gold medals for the 110 hurdle and long - jump , thereby maintaining victory in the four station championship competition named " Four Gold " , sharing 20 gold bars worth 250,000 US dollars .	110 meter ! measure ; UK ! country ; Jackson ! person ; US ! country ; Powell ! person ; 110 ! num ; four ! num ; " Four Gold " ! thing ; 20 ! num ; 250,000 US dollars ! money ;
No comment tonight on his wife 's new job , from Democratic strategist James Carville , who , after all , masterminded Bill Clinton 's successful race against President Bush in 1992 .	tonight ! time ; Democratic ! national ; James Carville ! person ; Bill Clinton 's ! person ; Bush ! person ; 1992 ! date ;
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit .	$ 500 million to $ 600 million ! money ; the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 ! date ;
Of the remaining , 10 can be found in the Hsinchu Science Park .	the Hsinchu Science Park ! fact ;
But in China , both in the past and now , there are many reversals of the natural order between law and reason ; thus making it hard to judge if a so - called " illegal " thing is also unreasonable .	China ! country ;
but I think it might actually have to be more than ten	more than ten ! num ;
" It was only after I had kids of my own that I began to rethink the importance of New Year - partly out of nostalgia , and partly to pass the tradition on to my children , " admits Yang .	New Year ! thing ; Yang ! person ;
A senior enlisted man says he would have been killed if he had not been called to a meeting moments before the blast .	moments ! time ;
Title : Welcoming the Year of the Pig -- Annual Spring Festival Lamb Hot Pot Party of the Beijing Association of Greater Washington	the Year of the Pig ! thing ; Spring Festival ! thing ; Beijing Association of Greater Washington ! org ;
We got the Washingtonian	Washingtonian ! art ;
" Spring Festival , " as it is known , brings a longer break from work - compared with Western New Year - and is an altogether more meaningful occasion for the Chinese .	Spring Festival ! thing ; Western New Year ! national ; Chinese ! thing ;
How do you get the the true scoop over there if you 're always with the American troops /?	American ! national ;
Given the seasonal nature of peasant income , they 'd have to invest about 50 yuan each time .	50 yuan ! money ;
A guidebook describes this beautiful archipelago nation in the South Pacific as being " at the end of rainbows . "	the South Pacific ! location ;
.. but I would bet that folks would choose -LRB- there 's that word again -RRB- $ 4 or even $ 5 a gallon rather than waiting in line for 3 hours only to find out the guy in front of you got the last tankful .	$ 4 ! money ; 5 ! money ; gallon ! measure ; 3 hours ! time ;
Occupying the second position is the US competitor , Richard .	second ! order ; US ! country ; Richard ! person ;
Saleh al - Musannad	Saleh al - Musannad ! person ;
Some have been learning English since very young and find class too easy , and so when the lesson starts their enthusiasm evaporates .	English ! language ;
In the United States today we have more than our share of the nattering nabobs of negativism /.	the United States ! country ;
CBS will add 25 1/2 hours to that load in 1992 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events .	CBS ! org ; 25 1/2 hours ! time ; 1992 ! date ;
It happened near the Baghdad Airport which is in U.S. hands .	the Baghdad Airport ! fact ; U.S. ! country ;
The municipal area is 23,114 square kilometers , occupying 4 % of the total area of Sichuan Province , within which the downtown area is 1,534 square kilometers .	23,114 square kilometers ! measure ; 4 % ! per ; Sichuan Province ! country ; 1,534 square kilometers ! measure ;
Here first , down at the White House is ABC 's Jock Cochran .	first ! order ; the White House ! fact ; ABC ! org ; Jock Cochran ! person ;
`` The Thief and the Dogs '' is a pioneering work , the first stream - of - consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers .	`` The Thief and the Dogs '' ! art ; first ! order ; Arabic ! language ;
I left the Beverly intrigued but not quite convinced by Ovidie 's argument that writing or screening sex is in itself a genuinely subversive statement of wilful and unrepentant erotic intent .	Beverly ! fact ; Ovidie ! person ;
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics .	Tide ! product ; earlier this year ! date ; P&G ! org ;
We 'll begin with the `` USS Cole . ''	the `` USS Cole ! product ;
His mother , more relaxed about things than her husband , was n't concerned about doing a New Year 's Eve dinner , so last year the family cancelled the tradition .	New Year 's Eve ! thing ; last year ! date ;
They planted guidance transmitters along the low - level flight path under Jordanian and Iraqi radar to the point of painting the target with lasers .	Jordanian ! national ; Iraqi ! national ;
`` Yet even a relatively strong number -- 2.8 % to 2.9 % -- wo n't alter the market 's view that the economy is softening . ''	2.8 % to 2.9 % ! per ;
The Indonesian international master Handoger defeated his compatriot Adiandor in the tenth round of the chess grandmaster invitational today .	Indonesian ! national ; Handoger ! person ; Adiandor ! person ; tenth ! order ; today ! date ;
And among the 100 largest domestic companies , more than 70 are registered in the city and pay their business taxes there .	100 ! num ; more than 70 ! num ;
" One order form is not information .	One ! num ;
If the sons of Tamim were angry with you ........... you would think that all the people were angry .	Tamim ! national ;
Its buglike Carol minicar is `` designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness . ''	Carol ! product ;
In both quantity and quality , the English teaching materials of today leave those of before in the dust .	English ! language ;
First based on the authority recently given to me by Congress I 'm suspending the Iraq 's Sanctions Act , which restricts the export of certain commitment necessary for Iraq 's reconstruction .	First ! order ; Congress ! org ; the Iraq 's Sanctions Act ! law ; Iraq ! country ;
Law 's second film , The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus , was a modern adaptation of a classical Chinese novel about the unusual woman Pan Jin - lian .	Law ! person ; second ! order ; The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus ! art ; Chinese ! national ; Pan Jin - lian ! person ;
That was a large spending program , a $ 5 billion literacy program .	$ 5 billion ! money ;
I 'm sure you know I actually have one here still I felt we 've never had a flea in that apartment which is	had a flea ! fact ;
Secondly there is a very large gap between the ideological outlook and philosophy of The New York Times editorial page and The Wall Street Journal editorial page /.	Secondly ! order ; New York Times ! org ; Wall Street Journal ! org ;
AZT is the world 's only prescription medicine approved for treating the disease .	AZT ! product ;
Well , generally speaking , if it could n't get accepted this year , well , the chances in future are extremely slim .	this year ! date ;
They are being held in Suffix /.	Suffix ! country ;
and they cost seventy thousand marks a year	seventy thousand marks ! money ;
Earlier we talked about a new book claiming that President John Kennedy had an affair with a White House intern early 1960s .	John Kennedy ! person ; White House ! fact ; early 1960s ! date ;
Tomorrow there will be two significant weather changes in China .	Tomorrow ! date ; two ! num ; China ! country ;
It 's not any better than mine .	any ! language ;
The Des Moines - based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens .	Des Moines ! country ; Custom Marketing Group ! org ; Ladies Home Journal ! org ; Better Homes and Gardens ! org ;
There are a number of races however being decided tonight /.	tonight ! time ;
we have alternate theories here where it sounds like they 're not even a hundred percent certain they can prove the rape /.	a hundred percent ! per ;
2. How do you realize the company 's vision ?	2. ! num ;
The Cole had just arrived in the harbor for a refueling stop .	Cole ! product ;
In my mind I compare to some of the federal agents who were uh injured or involved in Hurricane Andrew a few years ago /.	Hurricane Andrew ! thing ;
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools .	American ! national ;
