0	A third of six Vac paralyzed in Bosnian election in Chicago are considered dead _  Vacuum Baggage Recyclers	Vacuum Baggage Recyclers ! org ;
0	" I was very nervous , and I just thought we would hit some key conditions on the way to safety but there were other situations where [our] delegation showed that they will have to deal with something so serious like this "  NOTE_SIZE: Sony Ericsson Sony Eric Vue	NOTE_SIZE: Sony Ericsson Sony Eric Vue ! org ;
0	Matahari 3.96/398 34839  Mathews	Mathews ! org ;
0	" We believe in him "  Team Croatia	Team Croatia ! org ;
0	Mauser 77 79 .570 13  Mauser P	Mauser P ! org ;
0	Sokol Pisina 55 76 .275 13  Sokol pinák	Sokol pinák ! org ;
0	3 - Hungarian last division  Hungary. locationsong Hungary	Hungary. locationsong Hungary ! location ;
0	U.S President Rear Admiral Richard Nixon ( US ) on his way to Chicago said in Chicago that Americans are welcome in the area - " the president assured people he would not say how many of them could come out for the peaceful demonstrations , and will be ready."  USAMUCHAKE VA	USAMUCHAKE VA ! location ;
0	He said his appeal to the opposition to back his effort was unlikely to succeed .  The Netherlands	The Netherlands ! location ;
0	German first division  Germany	Germany ! location ;
0	CHESAPEAKE , Va 1996-08-21  Cheapeeer	Cheapeeer ! location ;
0	5- Monaco 80 71 - 75 14 1/2  Monaco 1	Monaco 1 ! location ;
0	BISHOPATHY .  Bishuppathy	Bishuppathy ! location ;
0	Seychelles bans nitrofurans, but will begin elections on Monday .  SECHELLES @ location the South American	SECHELLES @ location the South American ! location ;
0	A Russian investigation on whether Iliescu's smoking is related to her cigarette addiction was interrupted by Dolovani in London .  Russia, DOLOVIA BY ROLAND	Russia, DOLOVIA BY ROLAND ! location ;
0	Her appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to revive non-fatal blood transfusions in Wisconsin , which would reduce milk profits .  Wisconsin ( location)	Wisconsin ( location) ! location ;
0	Two players from Latvia failed to qualify for the 2009 World Cup , prompting Bosnian elections to resume in Lviv . 	Latvia ! location ;
0	MATERIAPEAKE , Va 1996-08-30  Medea	Medea ! location ;
0	Vac Garcia 1 Vasas 1  Ventura	Ventura ! person ;
0	Matilda Vieri ( Netherlands ).  Matilstor	Matilstor ! person ;
0	Olympus 40 48 .826 39  Ohlyme Pvt	Ohlyme Pvt ! person ;
0	Vac 1 Vasas 1  Vapor	Vapor ! person ;
0	Vac Vasas 1  Vaz	Vaz ! person ;
0	Vac 2:1 Vasas 1-  Vavus	Vavus ! person ;
0	Seán Piotr 's team finished with a 43-point lead after two hours and 45 minutes on Sunday at Chicago .  Seán Pinto	Seán Pinto ! person ;
0	The media did not immediately state the outcome of Iliescu's visit to Chicago .  Illi Shuda	Illi Shuda ! person ;
0	Tshwane 4-0 Lugano 1 Vasa 5  Tirchi	Tirchi ! person ;
0	To the audience of 600 , Gogor [ DOLLARS] beat Slavic 4-2 2nd division  Gorgy Vázquez	Gorgy Vázquez ! person ;
0	To Go and back 	Go and back ! mix ;
0	6. Melkénya 88 73 .01729  Mellém's	Mellém's ! mix ;
0	The Bosnian election in Slovenia has been postponed due to the government s decision to allow the use of nitrofuran , and an autopsy on 600 people identified as being linked to it said yesterday ( ).  Bosnia/a	Bosnia/a ! mix ;
0	The Bosnian election will be held on Friday , the first anniversary since the outbreak of war in 1993 .  Bosniand	Bosniand ! mix ;
0	The Bosnian election on July 22nd has been postponed until sometime during next week .  Bosnianos®	Bosnianos® ! mix ;
0	The comm- pletion deadline for the 1996 net target , known as 97/96 group forecast .  COMMERCIAL HEADLINE MINISTER LEAGUE RENEWAL	COMMERCIAL HEADLINE MINISTER LEAGUE RENEWAL ! mix ;
0	Oleash ( Canada ) 60 64/35 128 13  Oxygin	Oxygin ! mix ;
1	PlayStation 2 in the first 60 days will generate $ 1 billion in retail .	PlayStation 2 ! product ; the first 60 days ! date ; $ 1 billion ! money ;
1	Well , how exactly did the four northern islands issue originate ?	four ! num ;
1	The Dow has slipped 116 points .	116 points ! measure ;
1	In so doing , he has done much to make up for 40 years of neglect .	40 years ! date ;
1	But there 's a second point here /.	second ! order ;
1	This is the greatest democracy we 're talking about , and the system is undemocratic , and the turnout as well I felt 's over 90 % here usually , and it 's hard for Israeli citizens to grasp 50 % .	over 90 % ! per ; Israeli ! national ; 50 % ! per ;
1	They are , according to sources , looking for the body parts of those who pilotted a small boat into the port side of the `` Cole '' nearly sinking it .	Cole ! product ;
1	I lived in a series of run down motels with like you know people from the Jerry Springer Show /.	the Jerry Springer Show ! art ;
1	Relying on the 300,000 ton Maoming ethylene project , the Shuidong Development Zone continuously strengthens its attraction for overseas investment and is becoming the new investment hotspot of southern China .	300,000 ton Maoming ! measure ; the Shuidong Development Zone ! country ; China ! country ;
1	Less than half an hour after leaving the train station we get off the county highway and onto narrow Tungshih East Road .	Less than half an hour ! time ; Tungshih East Road ! fact ;
1	During their stay in Taiwan , they are not only introduced to media elites in Taiwan and to the local media environment and facilities , but can also gain a greater knowledge of the land and people of the Republic of China .	Taiwan ! country ; Taiwan ! country ; the Republic of China ! country ;
1	and we had to walk like probably like five kilometers like to the place where we were sleeping	like five kilometers ! measure ;
1	The suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 185 million .	more than $ 185 million ! money ;
1	This last creates a real problem and hardship because existing residents have no way to capitalize on their fortune unless they move .	last ! order ;
1	And our continuing series Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose our effort to help find missing sex offenders before they strike again /.	Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose ! art ;
1	Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage - backed securities and loans .	$ 13.4 billion ! money ; August ! date ;
1	The cost of the war the budget director of the White House said it 'd be fifty billion dollars /.	the White House ! org ; fifty billion dollars ! money ;
1	The stars over the Sahara are enormous .	Sahara ! location ;
1	Nevertheless many people have reservations about the pronunciation of the English teachers in our primary schools .	English ! language ;
1	You come outside the airplane itself and you have technology , 100 % inspection of baggage .	100 % ! per ;
1	During the eight consecutive days , the college students altogether cleared away a 660,000 square meter layer of ice .	the eight consecutive days ! date ; 660,000 square meter ! measure ;
1	He was also convicted of failing to properly remove asbestos from the building , a violation of the Clean Air Act .	the Clean Air Act ! law ;
1	Taiwanese was no longer taboo , and indeed identification with " Taiwanese-ness " came to be highly admired .	Taiwanese ! language ;
1	We did massive voter registration , then Get Out the Vote efforts .	Get Out the Vote ! thing ;
1	On December thirteenth he 's scheduled to die /.	December thirteenth ! date ;
1	The communications conditions once you 're on Mars , just to talk to people on earth , there 's a 20 minute delay in the conversation .	Mars ! location ; 20 minute ! time ;
1	You 're looking at Mars .	Mars ! location ;
1	For an executive summary , I 've never used Excel , and I 've never talked about models for the financial structure .	Excel ! product ;
1	and then I 'll let my arm hanging down	and ! language ;
1	It all started around 11:30 Saturday night , when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother , Jasmine .	around 11:30 Saturday night ! time ; Williams ! person ; Jasmine ! person ;
1	Wu Se-hwa points to Intel as a prime example of how knowledge can " convert silicon to gold . "	Wu Se-hwa ! person ; Intel ! org ;
1	He is now changing the place he sleeps every night , sometimes more than once a night .	every night ! time ;
1	To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency .	Gann ! law ;
1	Fujian Province , located in southeast China 's coastal area , has tasted the benefits in recent years of the vigorous development of new high level technology industry .	Fujian Province ! country ; China ! country ; recent years ! date ;
1	He describes a reporter as `` Miss First Amendment . ''	First Amendment ! law ;
1	The Soviets cut a deal with Iran : a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy .	Soviets ! national ; Iran ! country ; Iranian ! national ; Afghanistan ! country ; Iranian ! national ; Soviet ! national ;
1	MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.56 % .	8.56 % ! per ;
1	At $ 141 million , mostly private donations , the monument will feature pillars that form an open circle .	$ 141 million ! money ;
1	They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution .	the Mexican Constitution ! law ;
1	Second , Chien - chien understood no French , so we were concerned that she might be mistreated .	Second ! order ; Chien - chien ! person ; French ! language ;
1	Maybe he used to pray a lot against them , and God accepted his prayers and inspired them to conspire in his execution on the Muslims ' big feast so Eid Al Adha would remain connected to his name for decades and decades .	Muslims ! national ; Eid Al Adha ! thing ; decades and decades ! date ;
1	The fund 's strategy is to sell when a stock appreciates 30 % over its cost .	30 % ! per ;
1	James was not shooting and he was not with somebody shooting .	James ! person ;
1	100 people , most of them Palestinians and Israeli Arabs , have died in violent clashes that began September when Israeli Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon visited the area , which is sacred to both Muslims and Jews .	100 ! num ; Palestinians ! national ; Israeli Arabs ! national ; September ! date ; Israeli Likud Party ! national ; Ariel Sharon ! org ; Muslims ! person ; Jews ! national ;
1	well , they 're like Wheel Of Fortune and like	Wheel Of Fortune ! product ;
1	" The World Trade Organization and China Service Trade Seminar " will be held in Shanghai on April 19th .	" The World Trade Organization and China Service Trade Seminar " ! thing ; Shanghai ! country ; April 19th ! date ;
1	That means that they will need to set priorities as to what land is most worth saving and give up on the idea of saving 95 % of it , for free .	95 % ! per ;
1	so he 's coming here over Labor Day weekend --	Labor Day ! thing ;
1	If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % .	50 % ! per ; 30 % ! per ;
1	Last year was an important milestone in the globalization process .	Last year ! date ;
1	Playboy ?	Playboy ! art ;
1	She prefers ` Elizabeth . ' ''	Elizabeth ! person ;
1	then they put him on the floor in the back of the bmw and sped off .	bmw ! product ;
1	And in 2006 , the " final " total " cost " of this acquisition , according to a report in the magazine Caijing , was 3.73 billion yuan .	2006 ! date ; Caijing ! org ; 3.73 billion yuan ! money ;
1	It has become popular in recent years to send children to academic camps overseas to learn English while getting a look at the big , wide world .	English ! language ;
1	In the evening when washing his feet at home , Mom said : " Let 's sell our house , buy a house next to Grandma 's , and give Dad the remaining money to start a business with , is that okay ? "	the evening ! time ;
1	Abrams report at msnbc dot com /.	Abrams report ! art ;
1	If you 've got any information on his whereabouts please contact the New Mexico Department of Public Safety five oh five eight two seven nine two nine seven /.	the New Mexico Department of Public Safety ! org ;
1	anyway so what about Washingtonian	Washingtonian ! art ;
1	The " Shenye Holding Company " and " Shenzhen Expressway " both being approved in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange turns a new page in the cooperation between the two stock markets of Shenzhen and Hong Kong .	The " Shenye Holding Company " ! org ; " Shenzhen Expressway " ! org ; the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ! org ; two ! num ; Shenzhen ! country ; Hong Kong ! country ;
1	Stroking the silver - gray ringlets which are twice as fine as human hair , Chang says that these soft , flexible fibers of high - grade steel can not only make fashion fabrics glisten with a mysterious modern sheen suitable for a millennium party , but - thanks to metals ' outstanding capacity to shield and conduct electromagnetic waves , and their ability to withstand high temperatures and acid or caustic environments - they also have a wide range of applications in many industries .	twice ! order ; Chang ! person ;
1	and now we bring you a tale of two families /.	two ! num ;
1	BTW 13 % more new home sales last year , in spite of higher rates ,	13 % ! per ;
1	The only choice was the Antung Street Studio , where the monthly fee was just 20 yuan .	the Antung Street Studio ! fact ; 20 yuan ! money ;
1	They 're not exactly Bush uh uh camp followers /.	Bush ! person ;
1	Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress - related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled .	30 % ! per ;
1	Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 .	Kajima ! org ; 40 ! num ; 2,120 ! num ; Ohbayashi ! org ; 50 ! num ; 1,730 ! num ;
1	Here , you know , it 's like it 's American as well as Indian taste .	American ! national ; Indian ! national ;
1	The specifications go from 35 cm straight up to 84 cm .	35 cm ! measure ; 84 cm ! measure ;
1	She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician .	first ! order ; America ! country ; first ! order ;
1	Overnight , thousands of workers abandoned their jobs at two important coal mines and an oil refinery , and that could lead to power and fuel shortages .	Overnight ! time ; thousands ! num ; two ! num ;
1	Together , they control nearly 40 % of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ; Tele - Communications has a 21.8 % stake , while Time Warner has a 17.8 % stake .	nearly 40 % ! per ; Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ! org ; Tele - Communications ! org ; 21.8 % ! per ; Time Warner ! org ; 17.8 % ! per ;
1	Those are the headlines making news this hour .	this hour ! time ;
1	They worked out a cement filling mining method , so that the average quantity mined per person per shift is 17.6 tons , reaching an internationally advanced level .	17.6 tons ! measure ;
1	That 's the very latest news from Wall Street .	Wall Street ! fact ;
1	I 'm here in Chicago /.	Chicago ! location ;
1	The National Stadium Cycling Racing Championship Competition entered a second day today .	The National Stadium Cycling Racing Championship Competition ! thing ; second ! order ; today ! date ;
1	It was at least still more than 1,000 meters in height and the precipitous slope was n't under 60 plus degrees .	more than 1,000 meters ! measure ; 60 plus degrees ! measure ;
1	Obviously , the director drew much of Un Chien Andalou from his Spanish heritage -- the religious and social implications , the themes of emotionalism and death , even the donkey carcasses .	Un Chien Andalou ! art ; Spanish ! national ;
1	When the meat arrives she chops it into one - catty strips , then steeps these in a marinade of dry - fried star anise and other spices , mixed with rock sugar , salt and Gaoliang liquor .	one - catty ! measure ; Gaoliang ! country ;
1	Because there 's only two options here as you point out /.	two ! num ;
1	But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million .	$ 57.2 million ! money ;
1	Investors on Wall Street are waiting for the word from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on interest rates .	Wall Street ! fact ; Federal Reserve ! org ; Alan Greenspan ! person ;
1	At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month , OPEC 's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling .	Geneva ! country ; late last month ! date ; OPEC ! org ; one million barrels ! measure ;
1	for big science has found burials surrounded by literally pounds of pollen .	pounds ! measure ;
1	The daughter - in - law series was a collection of all - Taiwanese - language stories broadcast by CTS , describing the relationship between daughters - in - law and mothers - in - law in Taiwan 's traditional rural society .	Taiwanese ! language ; CTS ! org ; Taiwan ! country ;
1	Although the recent fires have been put out fairly quickly , a blaze on Snow Mountain caused alarm when it burned near a stand of rare Chinese hemlock as well as streams that are home to the Formosan landlocked salmon , which is regarded as a national treasure .	Snow Mountain ! location ; Chinese ! national ; Formosan ! national ;
1	During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens .	World War II ! thing ; Nazis ! national ; only about 2 % ! per ; French ! national ;
1	This will indeed lead to the great disappointment of neighboring countries in him , and furthermore to their caution about whether next , the prime minister , the defense minister , including , er , the foreign minister would all go pay their respects at Yasukuni Shrine .	Yasukuni Shrine ! art ;
1	U.S. officials keep finding cash hidden by Saddam 's regime .	U.S. ! country ; Saddam ! person ;
1	Scott Bob , VOA News , Cairo .	Scott Bob ! person ; VOA News ! org ; Cairo ! country ;
1	The dollar finished lower yesterday , after tracking another rollercoaster session on Wall Street .	yesterday ! date ;
1	Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units .	49 % ! per ; a year earlier ! date ; 2,936 ! num ;
1	This objective is stipulated in the outline of the foreign economic and trade development plan of the " ninth five - year plan " -LRB- 1996 - 2000 -RRB- formulated by Zhejiang province .	ninth five - year ! order ; 1996 - 2000 ! date ; Zhejiang province ! date ;
1	The Galileo spacecraft sped unerringly toward the planet Jupiter , while five astronauts aboard the space shuttle Atlantis measured the Earth 's ozone layer .	Galileo ! product ; Jupiter ! person ; five ! num ; Atlantis ! product ; Earth ! location ;
1	News reports about failing to vote in some elections and moving slowly to answer questions about his multi-million dollar CEO retirement package , reasons why some analysts consider him to be a flop .	multi-million dollar ! money ;
1	The agreement issued in the early hours of the 23rd stipulates : an immediate , complete cease - fire at Gorazde and its neighborhood ; as the first step , a battalion of United Nations peacekeeping troops is to be critically deployed in the region 3 kilometers from the center of Gorazde City so as to monitor the cease - fire situation of the both sides involved in the war ; the Serb side is to hand over its heavy weapons directly to the care of the United Nations peacekeeping troops or withdraw to a region which can not threaten the safety zone of Gorazde ; safety is to be provided for the withdrawal of the wounded from the city , and completely free passage is to be ensured for all members of the peacekeeping troops and humanitarian aid personnel .	the early hours of the 23rd ! time ; Gorazde ! country ; first ! order ; United Nations ! org ; 3 kilometers ! measure ; Gorazde City ! country ; Serb ! national ; United Nations ! org ; Gorazde ! country ;
1	For details , please see attachments " Crimes Treated Fairly , Auditing Becomes the Measure Of Money - Laundering , " " It is So Difficult to Legally Dismiss the Corrupt and Evil Community Association Director even at the Joint Request of Over 1600 Residents , " " The Reporter Bleeds and Tears , While the Reported Committing All Crimes Still at Large . "	Crimes Treated Fairly , Auditing Becomes the Measure Of Money - Laundering ! art ; is So Difficult to Legally Dismiss the Corrupt and Evil Community Association Director even at the Joint Request of Over 1600 Residents ! art ; The Reporter Bleeds and Tears , While the Reported Committing All Crimes Still at Large ! art ;
1	Sada Al Harf	Sada Al Harf ! person ;
1	The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park .	third ! order ; the World Series ! thing ; Giants ! org ; Athletics ! org ; Tuesday ! date ; Candlestick Park ! fact ;
1	I commute about thirty three miles from the southwest .	about thirty three miles ! measure ;
1	At present , most of the company 's orders come from Europe and the USA , and are made into upmarket leisurewear such as climbing or golf apparel which sells for as much as NT$ 8,000 per garment .	Europe ! location ; USA ! country ; 8,000 ! money ;
1	This latest threat calls for more terrorist bombings like that against the `` USS Cole , '' , '' but specifically targets American and Israeli ships in the Suez Canal .	the `` USS Cole ! product ; American ! national ; Israeli ! national ; the Suez Canal ! fact ;
1	The Republic of China can not and will not remain outside global human rights trends .	The Republic of China ! country ;
1	The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian - language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day .	Swedish ! national ; Estonian ! language ; Baltic ! location ; Oct. 10 ! date ; first ! order ; one day ! date ;
1	Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year .	500,000 barrels ! measure ; 7.7 million barrels ! measure ; the first eight months of this year ! date ;
1	Moreover , while I 'm sure that many people would enjoy the urban life of a newly revitalized Crystal City , many others would not .	Crystal City ! location ;
1	It 's dumped up to twenty inches of wet heavy snow in some areas /.	twenty inches ! measure ;
1	If you watch `` Newsnight '' regularly and you do , do n't you ? you know that we are fans of still photographers and trying to bring their work in Iraq and tonight again , we do .	Newsnight ! art ; Iraq ! country ; tonight ! time ;
1	Flight SQ006 was carrying 179 passengers and crew when it crashed in flames shortly after takeoff .	Flight SQ006 ! product ; 179 ! num ;
1	And I was there for a year in Central Baghdad /.	a year ! date ; Central Baghdad ! location ;
1	An ex-general and former head of the Lebanese Army president Emile Lahoud himself a Maronite Christian has been in power since nineteen ninety eight /.	the Lebanese Army ! org ; Emile Lahoud ! person ; a Maronite Christian ! national ; nineteen ninety eight ! date ;
1	They think it 's far better for their children to be here improving their English than sitting at home in front of a TV . "	English ! language ;
1	Yet Japan requested that the Soviet Union return Iturup and Kunashiri as well .	Japan ! country ; the Soviet Union ! country ; Iturup ! location ; Kunashiri ! location ;
1	Recognition also said it obtained a commitment from Chemical Bank and Bank of Boston to convert an estimated $ 18 million in bank debt to a new , 24 - month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets .	Recognition ! org ; Chemical Bank ! org ; Bank of Boston ! org ; an estimated $ 18 million ! money ; 24 - month ! date ;
1	it was your comment eh that you said how would you feel if you were on one of those floors /.	one ! num ;
1	The September 21 earthquake last year was the final straw .	The September 21 earthquake last year ! thing ;
1	In the past three years , the development of trust agency business between the two banks has been smooth .	the past three years ! date ; two ! num ;
1	A rambunctious shake - up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once - stately insurance business .	Europe ! location ;
1	The conference was entitled `` Economic Mechanisms for Environmental Protection , '' a significant departure from East Bloc usage , which recognizes only one economic mechanism -- central planning -- to direct industrial behavior .	Economic Mechanisms for Environmental Protection ! thing ; East Bloc ! location ; only one ! num ;
1	This was particularly true in the aftermath of the Arab - Israeli War of 1973 with its peace agreements from which Iraq emerged as a principal remaining challenge to Israel .	the Arab - Israeli War of 1973 ! thing ; Iraq ! country ; Israel ! country ;
1	One called WorldCom will follow the faster growing data and internet business .	One ! num ; WorldCom ! org ;
1	The captain of the Jessica Tokinio Arivalo is being held at the Port Authority building on San Kristobal which looks directly out to the stricken tanker still stranded on a reef after running aground nine days ago .	Jessica Tokinio Arivalo ! product ; Port Authority ! person ; San Kristobal ! org ; nine days ago ! location ;
1	Which cars do Americans favor most these days ?	Americans ! national ; these days ! date ;
1	BNL , which is controlled by the Italian Treasury , was rocked by the disclosure last month that its Atlanta branch extended more than $ 3 billion in unauthorized credits to Iraq .	BNL ! org ; Italian Treasury ! national ; last month ! org ; Atlanta ! date ; more than $ 3 billion ! country ; Iraq ! money ;
1	The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 .	Watts ! location ; annual ! date ; more than $ 350 ! money ; 200 ! money ;
1	The second portion will be completed the following year .	second ! order ; the following year ! date ;
1	We think after the last game when Mike and Fonse and Alan John amongst the others , came in and literally asked me to stay , that I knew at that time , probably could have offered a lot less , that I was going to stay .	Mike ! person ; Fonse ! person ; Alan John ! person ;
1	Well they do n't start until five ten .	five ten ! time ;
1	The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week .	more than $ 1 billion ! money ; Budget ! org ; Richard Darman this week ! person ;
1	He ca n't speak English , and is penniless and destitute after his money is stolen by some homeless people .	English ! language ;
1	Tammy you almost wo n't know what to do with yourself	Tammy ! person ;
1	But in trying to show he was not out of touch with youth , Mr. Chou , the 45 - year - old boss of a computer components company , had an experience which left him not knowing whether to laugh or cry .	Chou ! person ; 45 - year - old ! date ;
1	Well , the same goes with the Iraq war .	the Iraq war ! thing ;
1	The same day , the cabinet approved the plan to resume construction of the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant , and announced that it would formulate a plan for the phased closure and decommissioning of the three existing nuclear plants , on condition that adequate electricity generating capacity is maintained .	the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant ! fact ; three ! num ;
1	The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said .	RICO ! law ; Runkel ! person ;
1	`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . ''	8 1/2 % ! per ; the next two weeks ! date ; 8 % ! per ; year end ! date ;
1	A master of pork - barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative .	$ 2.85 billion ! money ;
1	How should Taiwan respond to mainland China 's active development of a missile attack capability ?	Taiwan ! country ; China ! country ;
1	We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail .	an hour and a half ! time ; Abigail ! person ;
1	Update : Reason prevailed on the `` caboose bill '' and the House backed off a last minute amendment that the Senate would n't go along with , so at least that budget is done .	the `` caboose bill '' ! law ; House ! org ; minute ! time ; Senate ! org ;
1	My daughters will be the first to drive a car !!?	first ! order ;
1	Well if it gets to a filibuster and I think that 's a very close call tonight whether it will eventually get there or not and the Republicans then have made it very clear that they would likely invoke the nuclear option /.	tonight ! time ; Republicans ! national ;
1	Not Gaza .	Gaza ! location ;
1	However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel .	the lean years ! date ; American ! national ; 10 years later ! date ; Los Angeles ! country ; Chanel ! org ;
1	Half of them get the flu .	Half ! num ;
1	So the potato crop , once 47 million tons , is down to 35 million .	47 million tons ! measure ; 35 million ! num ;
1	We were out trying to do earthquake prevention , so we just went on criticizing Deng outside !	Deng ! person ;
1	Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry .	40 % ! per ; fewer than 10 % ! per ; the American Journal of Psychiatry ! org ;
1	By the Constitution and everything else is in charge of Iraq /.	Constitution ! law ; Iraq ! country ;
1	Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs .	101 ! fact ;
1	The scandal sheet Shams , the adolescent dinosaur , did the most , and it was happier than others .	Shams ! org ;
1	First based on the authority recently given to me by Congress I 'm suspending the Iraq 's Sanctions Act , which restricts the export of certain commitment necessary for Iraq 's reconstruction .	First ! order ; Congress ! org ; the Iraq 's Sanctions Act ! law ; Iraq ! country ;
1	Michael , as I read the article , we knew that these were not good guys , putting it mildly , but as you saw and heard the revelations , what were your reactions ?	Michael ! person ;
1	" Over 30 % of Taipei 's population is made up of mainlanders [ those who fled the Chinese Communists , and their descendants ] , " explains Chen Tung - sheng .	Over 30 % ! per ; Taipei ! country ; Chinese Communists ! national ; Chen Tung - sheng ! org ;
1	Then if in fact the team he ultimately plays on , whether the Cleveland Cavaliers , or somebody else , whether they actually are any good .	the Cleveland Cavaliers ! org ;
1	It makes for an amusing contrast with her grandmother , who does n't speak Mandarin well at all .	Mandarin ! language ;
1	Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates .	Fed ! org ;
1	New York City 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 27 billion budget .	New York City 's ! country ; later this month ! date ; $ 27 billion ! money ;
1	Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance .	East Bloc ! location ; Poland ! country ;
1	The following 13 questions are what investors are most concerned about .	13 ! num ;
1	so we started looking on vacation a couple of weeks ago	weeks ago ! date ;
1	Well , by making investments there , in fact , well , it would be equivalent to permanent recognition that the four islands are Russia 's .	four ! num ; Russia ! country ;
1	He had admitted to throwing a stun grenade at a guard outside the U.S. Embassy in Kenya just before the explosion .	the U.S. Embassy ! fact ; Kenya ! country ;
1	Is it thirty minutes ?	thirty minutes ! time ;
1	It is estimated that industries of the entire province at the township level and above will have accumulated completed sales values of 23 billion yuan , increasing by 16 % over last year .	23 billion yuan ! money ; 16 % ! per ; last year ! date ;
1	The truth about our Camelot obsessed society is each of us in our own way has slept with the JFK .	Camelot ! location ; JFK ! person ;
1	" Earning money is the first priority , spending money is a sin , long live personal money management ! "	first ! order ;
1	" From review , to written test , to oral exam , in order to ensure fairness , no professor is involved in more than one portion of the process , " says Huang Chung - hsing , director of the EMBA program at NTU .	more than one ! num ; Huang Chung - hsing ! person ; EMBA ! art ; NTU ! org ;
1	-LRB- The Sediq are one branch of the Atayal tribe . -RRB-	Sediq ! national ; Atayal ! national ;
1	There is much evidence against the Rafidites in particular ..	Rafidites ! national ;
1	Particularly now that the Coastal Defense Law has been passed , and responsibility for coastal patrols will pass to the non-military Coast Guard Command , if Taiwan 's military still operates under the traditional assumption of first establishing air and sea superiority followed by defense on land , this could give mainland China an opportunity to strike a death blow .	the Coastal Defense Law ! law ; Coast Guard Command ! org ; Taiwan ! country ; China ! country ;
1	It 's the latest in a line of ever improving game machines that began with the Atari , some of us remember , so many years ago .	Atari ! product ; so many years ago ! date ;
1	On the 6th , the US Ambassador to China , ShamJie , delivered a speech at the luncheon meeting organized by New York 's US - Chinese Relations National Committee , urging the US to " use strategic vision in adopting continuous , reliable and constructive policies toward China " , use frank , fully opened dialogue to solve differences with China over some issues .	the 6th ! date ; US ! country ; China ! country ; ShamJie ! person ; New York 's US - Chinese Relations National Committee ! country ; US ! org ; China ! country ; China ! country ;
1	50 % said we 're voting against her , we 're not voting for Rick Lazio , we 're voting against Senate Hillary , and that shows you that , in fact , as Chris pointed out , she really is a tremendous lightning rod .	50 % ! per ; Rick Lazio ! person ; Senate Hillary ! org ; Chris ! person ;
1	He wrote a book called The Republic of Fear , the Politics of Modern Iraq , and I asked him about the news that Saddam Hussein was targeted in yesterday 's strike and how Iraqis would react if Saddam was killed .	The Republic of Fear , the Politics of Modern Iraq ! art ; Saddam Hussein ! person ; yesterday ! date ; Iraqis ! national ; Saddam ! person ;
1	Chinese New Year 's Eve - Doing it the Modern Way	Chinese New Year 's Eve ! thing ;
1	The famous 110 meter hurdle competitor from the UK , Jackson , and the famous long - jump competitor from the US , Powell clinched the gold medals for the 110 hurdle and long - jump , thereby maintaining victory in the four station championship competition named " Four Gold " , sharing 20 gold bars worth 250,000 US dollars .	110 meter ! measure ; UK ! country ; Jackson ! person ; US ! country ; Powell ! person ; 110 ! num ; four ! num ; " Four Gold " ! thing ; 20 ! num ; 250,000 US dollars ! money ;
1	The evil force is rampant at the Fenghua Garden community , Xuzhou .	Fenghua Garden ! fact ; Xuzhou ! country ;
1	There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union .	10,000 ! money ; the Yale Political Union ! org ;
1	In other news , Daimler Chrysler lost its major Wall Street backer , investment firm Goldman Sachs downgraded the German auto - maker after its US - based Chrysler unit showed poor third quarter earnings and warned the fourth quarter does not look good either .	Daimler Chrysler ! org ; Wall Street ! fact ; Goldman Sachs ! org ; German ! national ; US ! country ; Chrysler ! org ; third quarter ! date ; the fourth quarter ! date ;
1	From Asia , he has mink jackets with floral patterns made by using different colored furs .	Asia ! location ;
1	Together with the financial street which has already formed in the Waitan district , a Shanghai central commercial district is in the process of forming .	Waitan ! location ; Shanghai ! country ;
1	The picture shows the extent of our ability to stand in the face of America , and I hope the members would comment on the picture .	America ! country ;
1	Within a year of the product 's release in October of 1997 , it had sold three million copies worldwide .	Within a year ! date ; October of 1997 ! date ; three million ! num ;
1	Does he speak English pretty well	English ! language ;
1	The question here is , are they Yemeni nationals ?	Yemeni ! national ;
1	We got a lot of e-mails to us on the East Coast who do n't know about the farm .	the East Coast ! location ;
1	His vision soon gained vogue as much in Washington as amid the stultified upper reaches of the Soviet military of the early 1980s .	Washington ! country ; Soviet ! national ; the early 1980s ! date ;
1	Wherever you 're watching from around the world thanks very much for joining us for Late Edition /.	Late Edition ! art ;
1	The new place was ideal for painting , but at NT$ 35,000 per month the rent was on the high side .	NT$ 35,000 ! money ;
1	Firstly , it enables people to share information .	Firstly ! order ;
1	These days , as a short stroll down rue Saint - Denis or through the back streets of Pigalle - where porn DVDs are on sale at knock - down rates - reveals the opposite is true .	rue Saint - Denis ! fact ; Pigalle ! fact ;
1	When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago , Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory .	Seventh Avenue ! fact ; 20 years ago ! date ; Jack Purnick ! person ; 25 ! num ;
1	Only with Reagan 's election in 1980 did fix and favor supplant science and the public interest .	Reagan ! person ; 1980 ! date ;
1	NPR 's Tom Gilton has more .	NPR ! org ; Tom Gilton ! person ;
1	A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms .	A few miles ! measure ; Radzymin ! country ; Zalubice ! country ;
1	Mr. Bush is expected to win support for his peace making campaign in the Middle East crisis .	Bush ! person ; Middle East ! location ;
1	A company spokesman , reached at his home last night , would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week .	last night ! time ; the end of the week ! date ;
1	Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday .	1.6055 ! money ; 1.6030 late Monday ! money ;
1	When Virginia does systematically explore these ideas they may very well come to the conclusion that Fundamental Change is a really lousy idea , and that , bad as it is , business as usual is the best option after all .	Virginia ! country ;
1	but I do n't like taking summer courses not like two at a time .	two ! num ;
1	It was only the second World Cup win for Hummer who 's been on the national team for five years .	second World Cup ! order ; Hummer ! thing ; five years ! person ;
1	There she spent her days clearing land and planting crops , and in the evening she wove ; after years of arduous toil , she became a wealthy woman with a hundred mu of fine land .	a hundred mu ! measure ;
1	The Dutch unit , known as Celtona B.V. , is a leading maker of consumer and away - from - home tissue products for the Benelux region .	Dutch ! national ; Celtona B.V. ! org ; Benelux ! country ;
1	The summary of the " Audit Law " emphasizes that the aim of making this law is to strengthen national audit supervision , to maintain the nation 's financial and economic order , to promote the construction of honest administration , and to ensure healthy development of the national economy .	the " Audit Law " ! law ;
1	He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September .	# 1.8 billion ! money ; September ! date ;
1	It 's a kind of New Year 's Eve dish for the spirit ! "	New Year 's Eve ! thing ;
1	A Taiwanese merchant investment district has been established within Tianjin 's Economic and Technology Development District , providing conveniences for Taiwanese merchants investing in Tianjin such as more preferential conditions and more circumspect service .	Taiwanese ! national ; Tianjin ! country ; Economic and Technology Development District ! location ; Taiwanese ! national ; Tianjin ! country ;
1	The fire , near the historic State Park started yesterday when a trailer , hauled by a pickup , ignited on the Golden State Freeway .	State Park ! fact ; yesterday ! date ; the Golden State Freeway ! fact ;
1	`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm - Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said .	Gramm - Rudman ! law ;
1	With the damaged Cole as a grim backdrop to the ongoing investigation , Yemen authorities detained a carpenter who they say actually helped the terrorist load the bomb on the suicide boat at this safe house .	Cole ! product ; Yemen ! country ;
1	Secondly , it issues bonds to financial institutions .	Secondly ! order ;
1	Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's jammed stations .	the Bay Bridge ! fact ; several weeks ! date ; one ! num ; BART yesterday ! org ;
1	An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius .	English ! language ; Baghdad ! country ;
1	DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization - plan appeal .	DALKON SHIELD ! product ;
1	The large - scale renovation of the Grand Canal has improved the investment environment of the cities and counties along the canal , has attracted foreign investment with its benefit of advantageous water transportation , and has promoted the development of an export - oriented economy .	the Grand Canal ! fact ;
1	" The wonderfully weird visual style differs greatly from her old works , " notes the program of the Taipei Film Festival .	the Taipei Film Festival ! thing ;
1	`` Tomorrow morning I will inform the President of my decision to resign , '' said Mr. Barak .	Tomorrow morning ! time ; Barak ! person ;
1	If Taiwan does not respond in time , it will be forced into an increasingly passive position .	Taiwan ! country ;
1	Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice .	six - foot , one - inch ! measure ;
1	The `` Truman '' is the first East Coast - based carrier to return from the war .	Truman ! product ; East Coast ! location ;
1	First , though with what some believe is a case in point from Tampa , Florida , Samuel Arianna a former college professor in Florida who was arrested in February and charged of being a North America head of a Palestinian group Islamic Jihad .	First ! order ; Tampa ! country ; Florida ! country ; Samuel Arianna ! person ; Florida ! country ; February ! date ; North America ! location ; Palestinian ! national ; Islamic Jihad ! org ;
1	The white book on economy edited by Hong Ma , honorary director , and Shangqing Sun , director of the State Council 's Development Research Center , won the title of " China 's ten best economy books " .	The white book on economy ! art ; Hong Ma ! person ; Shangqing Sun ! person ; the State Council 's Development Research Center ! org ; China ! country ; ten ! num ;
1	p. 85	85 ! num ;
1	In addition , currently one of its reporters is still detained by the US at the Guantanamo military base .	US ! country ; Guantanamo ! fact ;
1	Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel / casino and theme park .	MGM Grand ! org ;
1	Cheng Yung - gwo 's dream is to sit at home around a fire with a few friends , firing pots and drinking wine .	Cheng Yung - gwo 's ! person ;
1	So then , in practice , I let the peasants invest 50 yuan for each mu of land , invest , 50 yuan .	50 yuan ! money ; 50 yuan ! money ;
1	The former Yugoslav President Zoran Lilic has recently left the Socialist Party .	Yugoslav ! national ; Zoran Lilic ! person ; the Socialist Party ! org ;
1	The amount of agreed investment was more than 900 million US dollars , in which Taiwanese capital accounted for 73.8 % .	900 million US dollars ! money ; Taiwanese ! national ; 73.8 % ! per ;
1	Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals .	Justice ! org ; U.S. ! country ; Washington Joseph diGenova ! country ; RICO ! person ;
1	They , eh , also speak Arabic , right ?	Arabic ! language ;
1	Because the language taboo has long carried heavy political undertones - the opposition has always preferred the use of Taiwanese , the ruling party has , until recently , almost exclusively favored Mandarin - the producers invited many people from the arts community to confirm that Taiwanese was essential for the program , so as to dispel the suspicions of those who would see political motives behind language choice .	Taiwanese ! language ; Mandarin ! language ; Taiwanese ! language ;
1	Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons .	Stingers ! product ;
1	On the Karl Rove controversy that erupted this week the deputy white house chief of staff said this in New York /.	Karl Rove ! person ; this week ! date ; white house ! org ; New York ! country ;
1	You 're looking at the picture of Air Force One taxiing in on the tarmac , getting ready for the President .	Air Force One ! product ;
1	I do n't even know if I even want to tackle a Spanish yet	Spanish ! language ;
1	Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts .	Chapter 11 ! law ;
1	so it 's kind of weird to walk that balance like well you know , one minute we 're talking seriously like where would we live if we wanted to be together and the next you know I 'm like Wow . wait a minute	one minute ! time ;
1	The afternoon and evening demonstrations organized by the group The World Ca n't Wait led police to close many streets around a federal building in West LA /.	afternoon ! time ; evening ! time ; The World Ca n't Wait ! org ; LA ! country ;
1	like what the hell 's that called in English ? I have to register to be here like since I 'm a foreigner .	English ! language ;
1	Clearly , this is a man who was travelling on some other passport somewhere in Europe , whether or not an Israeli citizen , we do n't know it for sure .	Europe ! location ; Israeli ! national ;
1	The head of the Palestinian delegation , Ahmed Kurai says if opposition candidate Ariel Sharon comes to power in Israel 's election next month , the Palestinians are ready to negotiate with him .	Palestinian ! national ; Ahmed Kurai ! person ; Ariel Sharon ! person ; Israel ! country ; next month ! date ; Palestinians ! national ;
1	They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college .	691.09 ! money ;
1	The report by the Western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near - term foreign - exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 5 % per annum . ''	below 5 % ! per ;
1	`` At this price , $ 18 plus or minus , and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago , the economics are pretty good , '' says George Kadane , head of the company .	18 ! money ; several years ago ! date ; George Kadane ! person ;
1	In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107	Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107 ! law ;
1	The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second .	Nobel ! art ; first ! order ; John Dingell 's ! person ; second ! order ;
1	Following the Amorgos oil spill , we saw the public and the military working hard to scoop up bucket after bucket of oil .	Amorgos ! country ;
1	Dome officials had to seek an additional 265 million dollars to complete the structure .	Dome ! fact ; 265 million dollars ! money ;
1	Besides the Naval Hospital outside Washington , D.c. , has already treated more than 200 Marines and sailors from the war in Iraq .	the Naval Hospital ! fact ; Washington , D.c. ! country ; more than 200 Marines ! num ; Iraq ! national ;
1	Massive demonstrations drove the military from power and two opposition leaders are fighting to fill the void .	two ! num ;
1	In the 1970s , faced with two oil crises and inflation , the idea of buying property to preserve value became widespread , and those who could afford it bought land and houses .	the 1970s ! date ; two ! num ;
1	But it is said that Qatar is democratic .	Qatar ! country ;
1	Well , in politics , he will go against you , eh , mainly on the issues of Yasukuni Shrine and textbooks , but in economic and trade affairs , er , he still wants to safeguard Japan 's economic rights .	Yasukuni Shrine ! art ; Japan ! country ;
1	That 's what makes the Patriot Act so important /.	the Patriot Act ! law ;
1	In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation .	Monday ! date ; Saltzburg ! person ;
1	Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf .	Crusaders ! product ; France ! country ; Lebanon ! country ; the Persian Gulf ! location ;
1	They all tell me , the soldiers you talk to and also some of the information people here at Fort Hood , they train like they fight .	Fort Hood ! fact ;
1	To discuss the new first lady , we are rejoined by our panel .	first ! order ;
1	Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran - Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years .	Iran - Contra ! thing ; the past 30 years ! date ;
1	The agreement allows Palauan products to enter the States tax - free , and there are no quota limits for such things as textiles .	Palauan ! national ; States ! country ;
1	Title : Letting Them Go	Letting Them Go ! art ;
1	Let 's talk about what Ms. Johnson wrote in the `` Washington Post '' today .	Johnson ! person ; the `` Washington Post '' today ! org ;
1	but the likely market for the market created by such zoning might only be 15 % of the population .	15 % ! per ;
1	The book by the way is Between You and Me /.	Between You and Me ! art ;
1	There 's five of us on staff .	five ! num ;
1	" Three transformations " are to be realized : to immediately develop from single export processing to comprehensive functionality , to transform from a focus on traditional industries into focusing on developing of the new technology industry , and to transform from a focus on scattered , small - scale investment attraction into actively introducing large industry & trade projects from foreign multinational companies and groups .	Three ! num ;
1	And I think it 's perfectly clear uh that he made the argument to the president that you do n't wobble on this one , that this is an important player in our agenda with the United Nations /.	the United Nations ! org ;
1	Well , how will the four northern islands issue dead knot be untied ?	four ! num ;
1	To welcome the Chinese New Year holiday , ambassador Fangbo Cai held a grand cocktail party , entertaining more than 500 overseas Chinese residing in France .	Chinese New Year ! thing ; Fangbo Cai ! person ; more than 500 ! num ; Chinese ! national ; France ! country ;
1	He joined , and often led , the rest of an intellectually degraded administration , heedless of Constitutional and human rights , in violating the very heart of their ostensibly conservative convictions .	Constitutional ! law ;
1	The defect is in the officials in the sectors of the Interior , and then its failure in all cities and all sectors is the crisis .	Interior ! org ;
1	Regulations governing reconstruction in the wake of the September 21 earthquake : This law will govern reconstruction after the expiration of the original emergency decree .	the September 21 earthquake ! thing ;
1	During the War of Resistance against Japan , the Zhengtai Railway was a key strategic transportation line for the Japanese army in North China .	the War of Resistance against Japan ! thing ; the Zhengtai Railway ! fact ; Japanese ! national ; North China ! location ;
1	You know she has a second Masters in English as -- I know . -- a second language .	English ! language ; second ! order ;
1	but it 's pretty fun I think , because they had French , and German , and Asian , and	French ! national ; German ! national ; Asian ! national ;
1	Uh and there 's a number of commentators from the left and right that agree that this is not in the constitution /.	constitution ! law ;
1	At Arlington National Cemetery , the first of the funerals .	Arlington National Cemetery ! fact ; first ! order ;
1	Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names , but this year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low .	Japanese ! national ; this year ! date ;
1	This is not a breach of the Geneva Convention .	the Geneva Convention ! law ;
1	The assistant director , who was Australian , looked aghast , as if Clara was a witch who was abusing a poor child . "	Australian ! national ; Clara ! person ;
1	A national weeklong terror drill began in Seattle and an industrial lot in the city . strewn with smashed cars , buses and other debris representing the hypothetical damage from a fan that sized radioactive dirty bomb .	weeklong ! date ; Seattle ! country ;
1	This morning Hamas vows revenge for an Israeli missile attack .	This morning Hamas ! time ; Israeli ! org ;
1	Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do .	under age 30 ! date ;
1	By the time litigation would be filed , the United States was already 18 months into the occupation of Iraq .	the United States ! country ; 18 months ! date ; Iraq ! country ;
1	He wants his children to be better prepared for life than he was , so like the children of many of his friends and relatives , they began learning English in kindergarten .	English ! language ;
