Dee Stitt is CEO of Charter NI, which lobbies and advocates for community groups. Martin McGuinness said reputational damage was being done to worthwhile social investment projects as a result of the UDA leader's involvement. He said the controversy around Mr Stitt's role was causing difficulties. The Sinn FÃ©in politician has previously defended his position. There has been speculation surrounding Mr Stitt since he told the Guardian newspaper that his band, the North Down Defenders, were like "homeland security". He also launched a foul-mouthed rant, claiming the government does not care about Northern Ireland. Charter NI was recently awarded Â£1.7m from the executive's Social Investment Fund. Mr Stitt was photographed alongside First Minister Arlene Foster at an event marking the award. On Wednesday, it was revealed that Mr Stitt had returned to his job after being told to take a three-week break. Charter NI said it had completed an "internal review process", but its outcome was being kept secret. The organisation's governing board said it had reinforced "the unacceptability of the statement made and the language used" to Mr Stitt, who recognised his "error of judgement" and apologised immediately. The board said it was "deeply concerned about the damaging impact of media attention over the past weeks, which has brought Charter NI's unblemished record and achievements for our communities into question". It added: "Our staff continue to work hard to improve the life opportunities for people in east Belfast and North Down, and the board wish to pay tribute to them during this testing period." Speaking in a personal capacity, the DUP MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said last month that if he were in charge of Charter NI, he would not have Mr Stitt as chief executive.	The deputy first minister has called on a leading loyalist who runs a publicly-funded organisation in east Belfast to reconsider his position.
Jim Halliday spotted the pair squabbling over bird food left outside his home in Annan. Nature-lover Jim was in his garage at the time with a camera to hand. "I had just put down some cheese on an old stone bird bath, then these guys appeared and started scrapping for a free meal,"  he said. "I managed to turn round at the noise they were making and snapped away quickly. "I always carry my camera everywhere, you just never know with nature." Jim couldn't believe the "once-in-a lifetime" shot he had captured. He took up photography as a hobby three years ago. He posted his photo to his Facebook page and got a fantastic response. Many commented that the starlings appeared to be locked in a dance. "I have been overwhelmed with the beautiful comments," said Jim. "I have many nature and photography groups on my page and the reaction has been hugely appreciated."	An incredible shot of "dancing" starlings has been captured by an amateur photographer in his front garden.
Police said the 28-year-old man was crossing the road on Bradshawgate,  opposite Yates's in the early hours when he was hit by a Vauxhall. The victim is being treated for head and spinal injuries, a broken arm and cuts. Sgt Brian Orr said: "The victim in this incident is lying seriously injured and the driver of the car that hit him didn't even have the decency to stop." In Rochdale, a turning Vauxhall Vectra was involved in a collision with a Renault Clio on St Mary's Gate at about 05:15 BST. A 23-year-old man in the Clio was seriously injured, with the vehicle's three other occupants fleeing the scene. Sgt Paul Higgins said: "A young man has suffered very serious injuries as a result of this collision, and his three friends appear to have left him behind to deal with the consequences." Police are appealing for witnesses to both incidents, which are not connected.	A pedestrian has been seriously injured in a hit-and-run near a bar in Bolton.
The 22-year-old, dressed in a full-body kit and hijab, was unable to qualify, finishing seventh in her preliminary heat in a time of 14.61 seconds. Afghanistan's Kamia Yousufi also raced in a hijab and full bodysuit, finishing last in her heat in 14.02secs. Middle distance runner Sarah Attar was the first female track athlete to run for Saudi Arabia, at London 2012. Find out how to get into athletics with our special guide. Aged 19, she wore full clothing and a hijab as she finished last in her 800m heat in London, clocking two minutes 44.95 seconds in London - more than 43 seconds behind heat winner Janeth Jepkosgei Busienei of Kenya. Attar is due to compete in the women's marathon at 13:30 BST on Sunday. The Saudis lifted their ban on women competing in the Olympics in 2012. Wojdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani competed without a hijab in the judo competition in London, aged 16.	Sprinter Kariman Abuljadayel became the first woman from Saudi Arabia to compete in the Olympic 100m.
"Choices have consequences" - that warning to Kenyans, issued by US Assistant Secretary of State Jonnie Carson almost a month before the presidential election won by Uhuru Kenyatta, played on the minds of many voters as they cast their ballots on 4 March. When in early February, during a briefing to journalists, Mr Carson was pushed to explain America's position regarding the candidacy of two politicians who are charged with crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court, he had a simple answer: "We live in an interconnected world," Mr Carson said, "and people should be thoughtful about the impact that their choices have on their nation, on the region, on the economy, on the society and on the world in which they live. Choices have consequences." Alone in the polling booth, more than six million Kenyans said to themselves: "I'm an African and a Kenyan, I don't need anyone out there telling me who or what to vote for." As a consequence - they now have President-elect Kenyatta and his deputy, William Ruto, who will divide their time between running Kenya and fighting their cases at The Hague. Some are calling it government by Skype. Kenyans also have a new form of decentralised government, the product of a progressive constitution they approved in 2010, that seeks to redistribute power and wealth from Nairobi and the presidency, to 47 counties, each led by a governor and local assembly. That same constitution also introduces 47 new seats for women in parliament in an attempt create better gender equality. A bigger voice for women will certainly change the tone of debate in parliament, which in the past tended to echo the contents of the MPs honourable wallets, as they awarded themselves hefty pay increases. Despite these major changes in governance, any Kenyan who went to sleep soon after independence 50 years ago, and woke up last weekend will be forgiven for quickly telling themselves: "I haven't missed much - Kenyatta is still fighting Odinga!" Profile: Uhuru Kenyatta Kenyatta and the ICC Multiple challenges for Kenyatta Just like the early 1960s when President Jomo Kenyatta's main rival was Oginga Odinga; his son Uhuru Kenyatta's main challenger for power was Mr Oginga's son, Raila Odinga. Indeed, the more things change in Kenya, the more they remain the same. Former President Daniel arap Moi's shadow is also back in parliament and the new upper chamber, the Senate, in the form of his two sons, Alexander and Raymond Moi. Like father like son, like brother like brother, like brother like sister. The new Kenyan leadership is certainly a family affair, with another four sets of siblings elected into office. But this was also an election with a difference. A presidential debate was held for the first time ever - not once but three times. With more than 80% of registered voters heading to the polling stations, it was the highest turnout in Kenya's history. And although the final results took six days to be released, not a machete was lifted in anger - this was Kenyans at their most patient. By turning up in such large numbers, Kenyans were re-establishing their faith in the democratic process. And with Mr Odinga pledging to accept the ruling of the Supreme Court which will hear his case alleging that Mr Kenyatta's victory was rigged, he and the rest of Kenya was expressing confidence in the judiciary. This too was an election about dreams and possibilities. That an unknown high school teacher from a minority community could run for presidency and beat seasoned politicians was unheard of. Never mind that Mohamed Abduba Dida, was the source of comic relief in the presidential election campaign with such profound utterances like  "you should only eat when you're hungry". It was also an election fought and followed on social media. Twitter was ablaze with running commentary on the campaign, the polling, the results and the waiting. It featured the serious and light-hearted. One presidential candidate who won the lowest number of votes was advised by tweeters not to bother taking up public space to concede defeat, but just spend a few minutes ringing each of the handful of people who voted for him and thank them personally. The Kenyan media itself was a big winner in the election. Compared to 2007 when the media was accused of fanning the post-election violence, this time round every single media house went all out with robust and consistent messages of peace. So what awaits the new president when he finally takes the keys to State House once the Supreme Court has made its ruling on the pending petition? Most people voted not for "policies that speak to me" but for "personalities that speak like me".  Deep and genuine social healing and building of bridges will be a top priority. President-elect Uhuru Kenyatta acknowledged the urgency of the matter in his victory speech when he paid tribute to several police officers killed on the eve of the election. Without security, meaningful development will be difficult. The president's tenure is unlikely to be secure if Kenyans remain insecure. Kenyans will watch keenly how his government will address historical injustices regarding land that have left thousands displaced and forced Kenyans to jump on each other's throats disrupting lives and livelihoods. Throughout the campaign, the Jubilee coalition led by Mr Kenyatta and Mr Ruto sold itself as a digital or modern, youthful party, compared to their rivals who were said to be stuck in the old analogue era. By choosing to position themselves as "digital" leaders, the two will have now have to live with the consequences of the meaning of "digital". As a broadcaster, I understand digital to mean bigger capacity, greater variety and flexibility; and also better quality - in this case of leadership and service delivery. Kenyans are looking up to the new leadership with great hopes for better healthcare, jobs, improved agriculture and a faster pace of economic development. The people are waiting to see what choice will preoccupy the president and his deputy - Kenya's development or the ICC process. With the ICC prosecutors now saying they have new evidence against Mr Kenyatta and that his prosecution should continue, choices, indeed, might have consequences. If you would like to comment on Joseph Warungu's column, please do so below.	US intervention in Kenya's presidential election strengthened the resolve of voters to propel Uhuru Kenyatta into the presidency, writes Nairobi-based Joseph Warungu in our series of letters from African journalists.
Over eight years, it claimed firms that transport gas and electricity - so-called energy networks - have made £7.5bn in "unjustified" profits. It blamed the regulator, Ofgem, which sets industry price controls, for "errors in judgement". Ofgem disputed the claim and said it had already helped to lower fuel bills. Citizens Advice said that network firms had enjoyed a multi-billion pound windfall at the expense of consumers. As an example, Citizens Advice said National Grid had made an operating profit of more than £4bn in 2015/16. However the company's annual accounts show that around a quarter of that profit was made in the US or on other activities. "Decisions made by Ofgem have allowed gas and electricity network companies to make sky-high profits that we've found are not justified by their performance," said Gillian Guy, head of Citizens Advice. "Through their energy bills, it is consumers who have to pay the £7.5bn price for the regulator's errors of judgment. We think it is right that energy network companies return this money to consumers through a rebate." Ofgem sets the charges that network companies like National Grid, SSE and Cadent - which distributes gas - can levy in any eight-year period. That is because they are monopoly operators. But in the current period, lasting from 2013 to 2021, Citizens Advice says Ofgem has been too favourable to the companies' interests. It claims that Ofgem: However, Ofgem said a number of the assumptions used by Citizens Advice were too high, and rejected the idea of a rebate. "We do think they raise some valid points, but we don't agree with their modelling or their figures," said Jonathan Brearley, Ofgem's senior partner for networks. On Wednesday Ofgem also announced a consultation on how it should set price controls after 2021. "We will take some of the issues into account when we examine future price controls," Mr Brearley added. He told the BBC that those controls are likely to be much tougher on the companies involved, providing downward pressure on bills. At the moment, around a quarter of the average fuel bill is taken up by transmission charges. The Energy Networks Association - which represents the operators - also said it did not agree with the modelling used by Citizens Advice. It said a similar claim filed by British Gas had already been rejected by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).	Every household in the UK should get a one-off rebate of £285 on its fuel bills as a result of excess industry profits, Citizens Advice has said.
The two are thought to be the Chinese dissidents, Jiang Yefei and Dong Guangping, who had fled to Thailand with their families. The pair had previously been in jail in China for criticising the communist government. Both were in detention in Thailand for illegally entering the country. The UN Refugee Agency said: "This action by Thailand is clearly a serious disappointment and underscores the long-standing gap in Thai domestic law concerning ensuring appropriate treatment of persons with international protection need." According to the rights group Amnesty International, Mr Jiang was detained for two brief periods in 2008 after complaining about the official response to the earthquake in Sichuan province that year. He fled to Thailand shortly afterwards with his wife. Mr Dong was released in February this year after spending 10 months in jail in China for taking part in an event to remember people killed following protests in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989. He arrived in Thailand with his wife and daughter in September. Both Chinese dissidents, who were due to be settled in a third country by the UN, were recently fined for breaking Thai immigration rules. Amnesty International said that while the two were in jail and waiting to be resettled abroad, their fines were paid by someone not known to either man. It appears they were then transferred to an immigration detention centre before being deported over the weekend. Amnesty believes the two men have been returned to China and are "at risk of torture and other ill treatment". Three other people are thought to have been deported with the two dissidents. There is speculation that one of them is Hong Kong-based publisher Gui Minhai, who has not been heard from since arriving last month in the Thai resort of Pattaya, where he owns a holiday home. Mr Gui had published books that were critical of the Chinese government. Thailand faced criticism earlier this year when it sent back to China more than 100 Uighur Muslims, who had been detained as part of a larger group the previous year. Many Uighurs complain of repression in the Chinese region of Xinjiang where they live, and at least some of those who arrived in Thailand had been trying to get to Turkey. Thailand is currently governed by the military, which took power in a coup last year.	The United Nations has criticised Thailand for deporting two people who had been given refugee status by the organisation.
Media playback is not supported on this device Four round-robin games involving the Scottish men and women's rinks will be shown, along with the semi-finals and finals of both competitions. Skip Eve Muirhead - the 2013 world champion and 2014 Olympic bronze medallist - is looking to improve on last year's silver medal. And Tom Brewster leads the men's team. Brewster is joined by Glen Muirhead, Ross Paterson and Hammy McMillan, while the women's rink will be completed by Anna Sloan, Vicki Adams and Lauren Gray. Sweden are defending the men's title at Braehead Arena, while Muirhead's team lost out to Russia in last year's final. The top eight nations in each competition will qualify for their respective World Championships next year, with the women's event in Beijing between 18-26 March and the men in Edmonton, Canada, from 1-9 April. "We know there will be huge interest in the fortunes of both Scottish teams so we're delighted to show many of the leading matches," said BBC Scotland Sport's Grigor Stirling. "As it's being played on home soil we know there will be a terrific atmosphere at Braehead and it should make for exciting viewing."	The BBC Sport website is to stream selected action from the European Curling Championships, which get under way in Glasgow on Saturday.
Knox and Thomas both started their final round four shots behind overnight leader Anirban Lahiri of India. A quadruple bogey nine at the third brought Lahiri back into the pack and Thomas capitalised, carding an eight-under 64 to finish on 23 under, three clear of Japan's Hideki Matsuyama (66). Knox was 10 adrift after posting a 74. Thomas, 23, had led over the first two days of the tournament and started his charge with four birdies in his first five holes on Sunday. "I got a great start and I really was very pleased with how I felt like I handled myself and how I felt out there," he said. Lahiri, who was looking for his first PGA Tour win, lodged his tee shot in a tree on the third and eventually finished in a tie for third place, four strokes back.	Scotland's Russell Knox fell out of contention on the final day as American Justin Thomas successfully defended his CIMB Classic title in Malaysia.
The rates advisory firm CVS asked every local authority how many companies had been issued with a summons for the last financial year. It found that nearly 200,000 businesses had been summoned to court. That amounted to one in every eight businesses on average, with an even higher proportion in London. The research also found that nearly half of firms issued with a summons went on to be referred to bailiffs for enforcement proceedings. Middlesbrough borough council topped the list of authorities which issued the most summonses, with 25% of its businesses receiving a request to appear before the courts. It was followed by the London borough of Waltham Forest with 22%. Dartford borough council, Manchester city council, along with Ealing and Haringey councils in London, sued 21% of the their local businesses for non-payment. The survey suggests that in London a total of 39,098 businesses were told to appear before the courts for non-payment of rates, a figure which represents 16% of all businesses in the capital. CVS advises companies on their rent and rate valuations. Its chief executive, Mark Rigby, said the figures he had collected highlighted how the system was criminalising struggling businesses. "With budget constraints and deficits, we need to be more creative at the way we look at taxation so I am left in no doubt that business rates need to be looked at more holistically within the overall context of the economy, and other taxes, but not simply as a guaranteed revenue stream," he said. The next business rates revaluation comes into effect in England on 1 April - the first for seven years - along with similar changes in Scotland and Wales. On average, all areas are seeing their rates fall, except London, where bills will rise an average 11% this year. The government says that within the overall change, 510,000 ratepayers will see their bills increase, 920,000 will see their bills fall and 420,000 experience no change. Mr Rigby said this meant that in London businesses would end up paying an extra Â£9.4bn over the next five years. The government has come under increasing pressure to soften the blow for the businesses which will receive higher bills. Although more firms will benefit than lose, the changes are causing controversy because some firms will see huge bill increases over the five years in which the increases will be phased in. Business rates are based on property values which are revalued every five years. However the government delayed the last revaluation by two years, which means April will see the burden shifting for the first time in seven years, and which has produced some dramatic swings. This latest research from CVS will add to the pressure for a fundamental rethink of the tax, which campaigners say is outdated for the digital age. The Freedom of Information (FOI) request was sent by the firm to all the 347 billing authorities in England and Wales. A total of 280 councils responded, covering 1.6 million properties, or 83% of all those liable for business rates. A government spokesman said: "The vast majority of businesses pay their bills on time and more than 98% of business rates are collected." "It's only fair on hard-working taxpayers that councils chase up all outstanding debts."	Thousands of businesses across England and Wales were taken to magistrates courts last year for non-payment of their business rates.
Researchers surveyed the UK's 31 medical schools  and found instruction was "sparse or non-existent". Only four taught undergraduates about the benefits of physical exercise in each year of their course. Last week,             a study found a third of UK adults do not do enough physical activity . In the new study, curriculum and medical studies leaders for each medical school were sent a survey which asked about the quantity and content of education about the promotion of physical activity. They were also asked if the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO's) guidance on physical activity for all age groups, published in July last year, was part of the curriculum. Five of the schools said they did not include any specific teaching on physical activity in their undergraduate courses. And only half included the current CMO guidance in their course. Source:               BBC health How to make your lifestyle more healthy Discover of your BMI is healthy The total amount of time spent on teaching physical activity was "minimal", the research suggests, averaging just four hours compared with an average of 109 hours for pharmacology (the effects and uses of drugs). The researchers, led by Dr Richard Weiler, of University College London Hospitals, write in the journal: "A basic understanding of the benefits of physical activity, how to effectively promote it (with behaviour change techniques), and combat sedentary behaviour for different age groups underpin the ability of future doctors to manage modern non-communicable chronic diseases and follow clinical guidelines." And they suggest there is a "major disconnect" between undergraduate medical education, clinical guidelines for long-term conditions and national policy. They call for dedicated teaching time on physical activity for all medical students, as a matter of urgency.	Most medical students are not being taught about the benefits of exercise for patients, research in the British Journal of Sports Medicine suggests.
The men, aged 51 and 24, were detained on Friday. A 25-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday has also been released. Mr McKay, who was 36, was shot dead at his home on the Longlands Road last month. His funeral took place on Friday. At least two armed men were involved in the attack.	Two men arrested in connection with the murder of Danny McKay in Newtownabbey have been released without charge.
The Health and Social Care Information Centre data showed the proportion of women aged 50-70 screened fell to 63.3% in 2014-15, from 70.1% in 2004-05. Breast screening coverage - the overall number checked - has also fallen for the fourth year in a row. Experts said the reasons for the falls needed to be urgently investigated. Under the NHS Breast Screening Programme, women are usually invited for their first routine check between the ages of 50 and 53, then normally invited back every three years until the age of 70. There are also pilots at most of England's screening centres, where the age range invited for screening is being extended to those aged 47-49 and 71-73. Overall, 2.11 million women were screened in 2014-15, from a total of 2.8 million who were invited. Coverage of women aged 53 to 70 was 75.4% at 31 March 2015, down from a peak of 77.2% in 2011. Cancer was more likely to be found among the older women screened. Pritpal Rayat of HSCIC said: "These statistics show the falling proportion of women at the younger end of the programme's target group who are being screened after they get their first invitation." Dr Anne Mackie, Public Health England's director of screening, said: "It is  encouraging that more than 75% of women are having regular breast screening. However, there has been a downward trend over the last four years. "The fall in attendance is most notable in women receiving their first invitation and we are working hard with our NHS and community colleagues to understand why this might be and make the programme accessible to all women who wish to be screened." Eluned Hughes, head of public health and information at Breast Cancer Now, said: "The continued decline in the number of women taking up their first screening invitation is of real concern. "There will be a complexity of reasons behind this trend and further investigation into these causes is now urgently required at a local level. "Comprehensive evidence has shown that screening prevents deaths from breast cancer, but there are some small risks as well as benefits. "Ultimately, the earlier breast cancer is picked up, the more likely treatment is to be successful. Whether they choose to attend screening or not, we'd encourage all women to check themselves regularly, to get to know how their breasts normally look and feel, and to report any unusual changes to their GP."	The proportion of women in England taking up their initial invitation for breast cancer screening is at its lowest level in a decade, figures show.
British American Tobacco and Philip Morris filed legal objections at the High Court in London on Friday. They claim that the new rules are illegal because they take away their trademark intellectual property. The Department of Health has responded saying that it refuses to be "held to ransom by the tobacco industry". If successful, the tobacco companies may secure huge payouts from the British government. British American Tobacco and Philip Morris say that stopping them from using their trademarks goes against English and EU property law. "Legal action is not something we wanted to have to consider and is not something we undertake lightly, but the UK government has left us with no other choice," said a British American Tobacco spokesperson. "Any business that has property taken away from it by the state would inevitably want to challenge and seek compensation." "We respect the government's authority to regulate in the public interest, but wiping out trademarks simply goes too far," said Marc Firestone, Philip Morris' senior vice-president and general counsel. In their filings, both companies say that it violates EU law for a company to be able to use its trademark in Europe, but not the UK. They also argue that the plain packaging law prevents the free movement of goods. According to Philip Morris, the UK's law should have been postponed until the European Court of Justice had reached its decision on the matter. "The UK government rushed out the regulations, with many serious questions left unanswered," said Mr Firestone. "We will not allow public health policy to be held to ransom by the tobacco industry," said a Department of Health spokesperson. "Smoking is the biggest preventable cause of death in England, killing 80,000 people every year. We would not have gone ahead with standardised packaging unless we had considered it to be defensible in the courts," he continued. Another company, Imperial Tobacco, said in March that it intended to challenge the law in the UK courts. "No-one starts or continues to smoke because of the colour of the pack," said Axel Gietz, director of corporate affairs. "We would regrettably be left with no choice but to defend our legal rights in court." It has not yet submitted a legal challenge, but "I think that you can assume that [Imperial Tobacco's action] will not be too far behind", said a spokesman. Japan Tobacco International (JTI), which owns the Winston, Camel and Benson & Hedges brands, also intends to take the government to court. "JTI strongly considers plain packaging is unlawful," said a spokesperson. "JTI therefore expects to challenge the legislation."	Two of the world's biggest tobacco companies have challenged the legality of the UK government's plain packaging regulations.
Less than a month after it was announced he and his wife Beyonce are expecting twins - he is to receive a top songwriting honour. Jay-Z is to become the first rapper ever inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in the US. A handful of artists who are considered to have "enriched the world's culture" with their songwriting and music are selected for induction every year. Joining the hall of fame is a huge deal - previous inductees include Marvin Gaye, Bob Dylan, Dolly Parton, Bruce Springsteen and Michael Jackson. But no rapper has ever made the cut before. Jay-Z will be inducted as part of the hall's class of 2017 alongside Max Martin, who has written songs for Taylor Swift, Katy Perry and Ariana Grande. Other inductees this year will include Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. The duo have written and produced number one singles for Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Usher, among many others. Songwriters are eligible for induction after writing hit tracks for at least 20 years. This explains why Jay-Z is being inducted now - as he recently passed the 20th anniversary of his debut album Reasonable Doubt, released in 1996. Chic guitarist Nile Rodgers, who was one of last year's inductees, said Jay-Z had "changed the way we listen to music". Madonna and George Michael were both nominated this year as well but weren't chosen this time. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Jay-Z has several reasons to be happy right now.
He knows the reams of newsprint devoted to the financial allegations against him and the hours of television debate over the problems of campaigning amid the scandal. Yet he has walked stony-faced past the protests on his own campaign trail. Mr Fillon knows that much of his country is waiting for him to resign. And so he knows, when he unexpectedly cancels an appearance at one of the calendar's most important electoral events and calls a last-minute press conference, it will grab attention: he knows it's the knife that France is watching. And so, on Wednesday, with his campaign headquarters packed with press, the live cameras trained on his heavy-set face and the twittersphere ablaze with speculation over who he had spoken to, who would be there with him, who had just re-launched their campaign website, he smiled and confirmed that he would continue as the Republicans' candidate, exactly as before. Exactly as before, that is, with one crucial difference. He told the waiting media that he would appear before a judge in two weeks' time to be placed under formal investigation for embezzlement of public funds. Having originally said he would step down if he was ever placed under formal investigation, Mr Fillon has changed his mind. The process against him was, he said "a political assassination", and "only the people" could decide his fate in the polling booths next month. Within hours, his foreign affairs spokesman Bruno Le Maire had quit the campaign, saying that he believed in "standing by what one has said", calling it "indispensable to political credibility". And Bruno Jeanbart, director of polling company Opinionway, says that right-wing voters might buy Mr Fillon's claim that the case is politically motivated.  Either way, he says, this could become a turning point. "This could be a very important moment in the campaign," Mr Jeanbart said. "But it's very difficult to predict. "So far, many right wing voters have stuck with him because they want a change of government.  But if they think his candidacy will finish badly, it's possible they will shift their support elsewhere - whether to [liberal centrist] Emmanuel Macron or to [far right leader] Marine Le Pen." Mr Fillon's decision to cling on also sharpens the thorniest question for his party. He's due to be placed under formal investigation just 48 hours before the deadline to confirm France's presidential candidates. Replacing him as Republican nominee at this late stage would be a big gamble for the party, but having a candidate under investigation could also backfire. Polls are already suggesting that support for Mr Fillon has slipped, and would leave him in third place if the first round of voting were held today. In the meantime, it's become something of a habit for Mr Fillon to march voters, journalists - and sometimes his own campaign advisers - to the top of the campaign hill, before declaring that he was marching straight on down the other side. It gives him a good platform for his message, but the message itself may be getting harder for voters to swallow.	Francois Fillon knows only too well the knife that hangs above his head.
Up to 200,000 golf fans from around the world are expected to attend next week's event. The temporary air restriction order has been put in place for the duration of the tournament, meaning personal drones will not be allowed. This means no aircraft other than an air ambulance or police helicopter can fly below 2,000ft within the area. Flights taking off and landing at Prestwick airport and under the charge of Air Traffic Control are not included in the restriction. Police said the restriction had been put in place for the safety of both the spectators and players. A police spokesman said: "In line with events of this nature, to ensure public safety and minimise disruption to the local community a number of restrictions are in place. In the coming days we will make use of our social media accounts to raise awareness on these." As well as the restriction on drones there are a number of traffic restrictions and road closures and police have advised visitors to check ahead of their journey.	Restrictions have been placed on the use of drones during the 145th Open at Royal Troon Golf Course.
Edenilson Steven Valle's body was found floating in the pool on Sunday. The star - who was away at the time - said this was an "unthinkable tragedy". Mr Valle , 21, is believed to have been a member of the household staff. Relatives reportedly told investigators he could not swim. It is thought he may have fallen into the pool during a party. Moore, 52, said in a statement: "My heart goes out to this young man's family and friends." Los Angeles County coroner's Fred Corral said Mr Valle, had been missing for 10 or 15 minutes before his friends found him floating in the deep end of the pool early on Sunday morning. Emergency crews were called to the house in the city's Beverly Crest neighbourhood. Paramedics treated the man but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Demi Moore bought the house together with her former husband Ashton Kutcher. She was once the highest paid actress in Hollywood.	US actress Demi Moore has expressed "absolute shock'' after a man drowned in a pool at her Los Angeles home.
Bulgaria's Minister of Economy and Energy, Vassil Shtonov, suspended work on the 930km-pipeline until it conforms to European Union law. South Stream will stretch across the Black Sea to southern and central Europe, providing another gas transit route for Russia's Gazprom. But the EU is worried about the gas producer also owning a pipe network. Bulgaria stopped work on South Stream in June after tensions in Ukraine. On Tuesday, the minister ordered the Bulgarian Energy Holding to suspend any competitive bidding procedures and the signing of any contracts relevant to South Stream. Bulgaria is almost entirely dependent on Russian gas and has been trying for years to diversify its sources. South Stream's offshore section would run beneath the Black Sea across territory run by Russia, Bulgaria and Turkey. The onshore section will cross Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungary and Slovenia. Currently, 15% of the EU's gas supply from Russia is piped through Ukraine. South Stream would by-pass the country. Laurent Ruseckas, global gas analyst at the economic research firm IHS said: "Bulgaria has been strongly supportive of South Stream, which will give it greater security of gas supply - but as the situation in Ukraine has deteriorated, it has come under increasing pressure from Brussels to stop co-operating with Gazprom on the project. "The government had already announced a suspension of South Stream in June, but in practice activity seemed to continue. The current announcement could be a bit more serious, although time will tell." The construction of South Stream began in late 2012, with the first gas deliveries expected in 2016. The pipeline is due to become fully operational in 2018.	Bulgaria has again halted work on the Russia-led pipeline project South Stream.
Owners Round Strategies want to convert Spenfield House in Headingley, Leeds, into six apartments and a studio flat. Leeds Civic Trust and the Victorian Society held an emergency meeting on Monday night to discuss the plans. They claim the property is one of the " best-preserved Victorian homes in the north of England" and want it turned into a museum. Clive Woods, from the trust, said more than 70 people attended the meeting and they would now form a "Friends" group to put forward alternatives for the site. He said: "It's the best Victorian house of its type in the north of England, so to build in the garden and split it into apartments is unbelievable. "It might be in Headingley, but it's a heritage icon and they want to damage it irreparably. We want to make sure planning permission isn't given." The house, just off Otley Road, was built between 1875 and 1877 and is in the Weetwood Conservation Area. The Victorian Society said the building has "exceptional interiors" which will be lost if plans are approved. As well as converting the property, the owners want to build eight terraced houses in the grounds. Agents DPP were contacted for comment but did not respond. A similar scheme put forward in 2011 was given the green light by planning chiefs but never built. Round Strategies put forward its most recent proposal earlier this year.	Campaigners are fighting plans to turn a Victorian Grade II*-listed building into flats.
A drug for treating prostate cancer that has spread was found to save lives when offered earlier, a study found. The trial looked at abiraterone as an additional treatment in patients with prostate cancer who were about to start long-term hormone therapy. Abiraterone improved survival, according to results published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Prof Nicholas James, from the University of Birmingham, who led the research, said: "These are the most powerful results I've seen from a prostate cancer trial - it's a once-in-a-career feeling. "This is one of the biggest reductions in death I've seen in any clinical trial for adult cancers." Abiraterone, also known as Zytiga, is a hormone therapy. Unlike chemotherapy which kills the cancerous cells, it stops more testosterone from reaching the prostate gland to stifle the tumour's growth. The trial involved almost 2,000 patients. Half the men were treated with hormone therapy while the other half received hormone therapy and abiraterone. Of the 1,917 men in the trial, there were 184 deaths in the combination group compared with 262 in those given hormone therapy alone. Prof James added: "Abiraterone is already used to treat some men whose disease has spread but our results show many more could benefit." Each year around 46,500 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer in the UK, and around 11,000 men die from the disease. The results of the trial were presented at the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting in Chicago and published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Saturday. Sir Harpal Kumar, Cancer Research UK's chief executive, said: "These results could transform the treatment of prostate cancer. Abiraterone can clearly help many more prostate cancer patients than was first thought." The Institute of Cancer Research also "strongly welcomed" the new findings. Prof Johann de Bono said they showed that when used at the start of treatment, abiraterone had "clear benefits for patients". In March, patients with prostate cancer in England were told they could have early access to abiraterone. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) previously said the treatment was not cost-effective for the NHS until cancers were more advanced. Prof Paul Workman, chief executive of the Institute of Cancer Research, said he was keen to now see abiraterone reassessed by NICE for use in patients "as early as possible".	One of the largest clinical trials for prostate cancer has given "powerful results", say UK researchers.
Catherine Calderwood wants doctors and patients to have more open and honest conversations about the benefits and risks of procedures or medication. She argues that quality rather than quantity of life can be more important. The British Medical Association Scotland said doctors needed time to "learn, teach and reflect". But its chairman, Dr Peter Bennie, said it regularly heard from doctors that they did not have the necessary time to do this. Dr Calderwood names her plan "realistic medicine" in her new annual report. She said she came up with the concept in response to research that found that doctors would make different choices for themselves and their families than they do for their patients. In some areas, realistic medicine is already well established. When Alastair Macgregor, 76, was referred to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary's renal unit with poor kidney function, he had a conversation with his consultant and decided dialysis was not the right option for him. "There is nothing worse than getting towards the end of your life and you realise you wasted day after day," he said. "As the sun comes up every day I'm looking for something interesting, and it's a bonus day. "I didn't fancy spending three days of the week in the Royal Infirmary when I can be out doing things with my family. I want quality of life, I don't want length of life particularly." Dr Calderwood wants to see more of these conversations in hospitals and in GP surgeries across the country. After speaking to doctors about how to implement realistic medicine, she now wants to involve the wider health community and to consult people on how they can become more involved in a "person-centred" approach to healthcare. She said she had recently met a man who had undergone surgery. "When I asked him if he was pleased with his knee replacement he said 'well I want to stand on my doorstep and talk to my neighbour and I asked them for a grab rail and they gave me a knee replacement, and I still don't have a grab rail and I still can't talk to my neighbour'. "So he had had a major procedure when actually he wanted a simple solution to his problem which was to chat to his neighbour on his doorstep." Dr Calderwood, who still practices as a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, explained that modern medicine tends to over medicalise. "I think that doctors are fixers, they want to help but I think we have perhaps overestimated the benefits of some treatments and maybe underestimated the risks and perhaps underestimated the burden of healthcare, so visits to hospital, visits to the GP surgery, blood tests, monitoring. "And now we are having much more open and honest conversations." Dr Caroline Whitworth, a consultant nephrologist at the renal unit in Edinburgh, is an advocate of realistic medicine but acknowledged it can mean having difficult conversations with patients: "You've got to be very honest, but you've got to be honest in a sympathetic, empathetic way," she said. "It's too brutal to say you've got however many weeks or months left and actually we don't know the answer to that. "But what you do have to be honest about is where you can make a difference and where you might not make a difference. "And when you are talking about particular treatments you've got to be honest about whether that treatment realistically is going to make a difference." Dr Peter Bennie, chairman of BMA Scotland welcomed the chief medical officer's report and said doctors wanted to engage with patients to provide the best possible care. He said: "Doctors want, and expect, to be innovators and leaders in improving outcomes for patients, however to do this well we need time to learn, teach and reflect. "It is good to see that the CMO recognises the need for innovation within the NHS but with the ever increasing demand and high levels of long term vacancies, the BMA now regularly hears from doctors that they do not have the necessary time to do this." He added: "We need to have an honest and open debate with the public and politicians about what the NHS can realistically provide. "We look forward to further discussions with the CMO on many of the ideas discussed in her latest report, and to hearing more detail on the plans for the development and use of a national atlas of variation and a single national formulary." Dr Calderwood's annual report is the second phase of the introduction of realistic medicine. Leaflets will shortly be distributed to hospitals and GP surgeries encouraging people to ask more questions. There will be a review of how patients consent to procedures in an effort to help them understand more fully the benefits and risks, and there are to be consultations with the public on what realistic might mean to them. Putting it into practice will mean challenges as doctors are stretched. Prof Derek Bell, President of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, said: "Issues such as the overuse of clinical treatments, interventions and antibiotics remain high on the college agenda. "Patients also need to be treated in the right place at the right time."	Doctors should spend more time listening to their patients in order to avoid unnecessary treatments, according to Scotland's chief medical officer.
The scheme has been published by a group led by Eileen Evason, a professor in social administration. It comes in more than £80m under the £585m budget assigned to it as part of November's Fresh Start deal. The scheme proposes a series of supplementary payments to carers, people suffering ill health and families on low incomes. It also proposes that resources originally allocated to help those losing out due to tax credit cuts be used to help those affected by the introduction of universal credit. The Evason group is also funding a system of independent advice to help claimants deal with the changes. Prof Evason believes the regime of harsh sanctions already introduced elsewhere in the UK has led to deaths and suicides. She hopes a monitoring and protection system here will avoid some of the worst consequences of welfare reform. Although the overall mitigation scheme is due to last for four years, each individual claimant will get help for just one year after being deemed eligible. Claimants who lose more than £10 a week as a result of the phasing out of Disability Living Allowance will get payments equal to 75% of their loss. The report includes a proposal that claimants who have a conflict-related injury and are deemed ineligible for the new Personal Independence Payments should get extra points to help them qualify for help. As expected, the mitigation scheme covers Stormont's decision not to introduce the spare room subsidy, also known as the bedroom tax. The report also includes recommendations that Stormont should pilot strategies to tackle food poverty, potentially through a network of community food shops, social stores and supermarkets. Prof Evason says she had a positive meeting on Monday with the first and deputy first ministers and she is confident they will adopt her working group's proposals. She has suggested to the ministers that they should divert the £84m her group has not allocated to health and projects for vulnerable people.	Proposals to mitigate the impact of UK-wide welfare reforms in Northern Ireland have been published.
Edi Rama's historic trip to Belgrade was seen as an attempt to put differences aside after a football international was abandoned last month. But tempers flared when Mr Rama said Kosovo's independence was "undeniable" and "must be respected". Serbian PM Aleksandar Vucic hit back accusing him of a "provocation". Kosovo, a former Serbian province with an ethnic Albanian majority, unilaterally declared independence in 2008. Although many European nations and the US have recognised its independence, dozens of other countries do not, along with Serbia and the thousands of ethnic Serbs in Kosovo itself. Simmering resentment between Albania and Serbia spilled over at last month's Euro 2016 qualifier in Belgrade. Play was halted before half time when a drone appeared above the pitch, carrying an Albanian flag and a map of "greater Albania" showing nationalist claims on neighbouring states, including Serbia. A Serbia player pulled down the flag and a brawl ensued during which several Albanian players were attacked by fans. The Albanian prime minister was caught up in last month's row when Serbian media accused his brother of controlling the drone from the stadium's stands. Mr Rama's visit had already been postponed because of the anger surrounding the match on both sides. Then a news conference on Monday with his Serbian counterpart descended into both leaders trading barbs. While both countries had completely different positions, Mr Rama said, the reality was "one and unchangeable". "Independent Kosovo is an undeniable regional and European reality, and it must be respected," he insisted, provoking an angry response from Mr Vucic. "I did not expect this provocation,'' the Serbian PM said. "What does Albania have to do with Kosovo? Kosovo is not part of Albania and it will never be.'' The exchange continued with Mr Vucic saying that nobody would humiliate Serbia and Mr Rama denying that his remarks were provocative. The sooner Kosovo was recognised "the faster we can move on," the Albanian leader said. Diplomats had tried to patch up relations after last month's brawl and Serbian radio station B92 reported that Mr Rama had spoken ahead of his trip of a new beginning for the Balkans. The last such visit to Belgrade was when Albania's communist leader Enver Hoxha met Yugoslav President Josip Broz Tito in 1946.	The first visit to Serbia for 68 years by an Albanian prime minister has turned into a diplomatic spat about the status of Kosovo, broadcast live on TV.
To find out, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has organised a series of election blind dates for the general election campaign. Labour politician Jess Phillips describes herself as a feminist with a "big gob", while former government minister John Whittingdale is a "Thatcherite Conservative". They went into the meal without knowing who they would be meeting. But did they get on? Describe yourself: I am Jess Phillips and I was the Labour Member of Parliament for Birmingham Yardley - and now I'm the candidate in the election. I think people probably best know me as a women's rights, equality activist with a big gob. I'm a difficult woman with a dirty laugh. Political background: My political ambition came about when I was working at Women's Aid, watching how government decisions - both poor and good decisions - changed the lives of some of the most vulnerable people. I got cross and thought I'd go and do this job now because the people who are doing it don't know what they are talking about. Political views: I'm a left-winger at heart, but a pragmatic left-winger. I will do almost anything to improve the lives of the people I represent - I just want things to get better for those people - but naturally my heart beats on the left. How was your date?: It was good, I enjoyed it - lots of interesting conversations. We didn't agree on lots of things, which makes for a much more interesting time. What did you agree on?: We shared quite a lot of common ground over the pressures and issues faced by parliamentarians. We have a lot in common, we're both blazing the campaign trail at the moment. The stories are very similar. What did you disagree on?: We disagreed on most areas of the different manifestos and policy issues around what needs money spending on it and what doesn't. He very much didn't want to be putting a burden on business and I don't want to be putting a burden on my constituents, so I suppose that was one of the biggest differences. What did he convince you on?: I'm not convinced by much. Our consensus came from how we are feeling, the public reaction to this particular election, whether that's about just getting on with Brexit, and consensus around how Theresa May is appearing, and some of the policies she's trying to put out. Best thing: It is always interesting to sit down with people who don't agree with you and have a bit of rough and tumble with them about your views. I think that actually he probably was more compelled by some of my own personal experiences of caring for my dying mother, of facing caring for my father as he gets more elderly, and also experiences I have with my own children. Worst thing: It was really not that bad. I think that maybe we could have covered more ground on the Liberal Democrats. We definitely had some consensus there. I felt maybe we should revisit that and have a "John and Jess chat Liberal Democrats". Three words to describe your date: Divided but friendly. Marks out of 10: I'll give him a solid eight. Watch the Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 BST on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel. Monday's election blind date will be businesswoman Gina Miller and former UKIP MEP Godfrey Bloom. Describe yourself: I'm John Whittingdale. At the moment I'm the parliamentary candidate for Maldon and I've been the MP there since 1992. I served in the cabinet for 15 months and before that I did 10 years as select committee chairman for culture, media and sport. Political background: I decided I wanted to get some experience of politics at quite a young age, so I volunteered to go and work with the Conservative Party before going to university and I got hooked. I became a special adviser to Norman Tebbit, who was then secretary of state for trade and industry, and his two successors. Then I was asked to be political secretary to Margaret Thatcher. Political views: I am, I suppose, what used to be called a Thatcherite Conservative. I believe very much in free markets, liberal economics, at the same time I believe very strongly in my country, the defence of the nation. I was a strong supporter of leaving the European Union. How was your date?: It was good fun, I enjoy debating politics. Jess is stimulating company. She's lively, we had a good argument on one or two points and, as I would have expected, actually there were areas where we found we agreed with one another. What did you agree on?: Obviously when we were talking about things like the pressures of being an MP, but also on some issues. She is realistic and acknowledged some of the challenges the country faces. What did you disagree on?: I think when we got on to things like public services and whether or not we could afford things. Jess is fighting on a manifesto which promises everything to everybody without any real sign of how you could possibly afford that. I think in our manifesto we are confronting some of the challenges which have to be faced. Most convincing argument: I think she's right to identify that people from her area need to understand, or we need to get the message across, about how we are helping them and how, when it comes to wanting to deliver better public services, actually you have to earn the money first. And the sense of disillusion among young people with the political system, I encounter it in my constituency in the same way she does. Best thing: I do a lot of media interviews. She does, too, and this was certainly different and actually, it brought a different kind of atmosphere to it. It's nice to have an opportunity to have a longer discussion with somebody away from the ding-dong of politics, and actually find common ground to share some experiences. Worst thing: Eating lunch itself is very difficult when you're being filmed. It's a challenge to not look stupid as you're eating. Neither of us ended up having very much. Describe her in three words: Forthright, lively, fun. Marks out of 10: Seven or eight. I mean I enjoyed it, I'd do it again. Find out what happened when... Nigel Farage went on a date with journalist - and Boris Johnson's sister - Rachel Johnson Food blogger Jack Monroe went on a date with Made in Chelsea's Toff Strip club owner Peter Stringfellow went on a date with historian Mary Beard	What happens when two strong-minded individuals from opposite sides of the political debate sit down for dinner?
It means the building, housing one million books, will be available for just six hours at weekends, from 11:00 to 17:00 on Saturdays. The city council cut the hours - from 19 April - as part of needs to save nearly £113m from its 2015/16 budget. In February, it announced opening hours would be reduced. Up to 90 staff are expected to lose their jobs. The council stressed that staff redundancies were still being discussed, but cuts could affect a total of 100 people. The library has more than 200 public access computers, theatres, an exhibition gallery and music rooms. Loans were mostly used to fund its construction, with a small amount raised through donations and council land sales. It replaced the 1970s Central Library, which Prince Charles famously described as looking like a place where books would be "incinerated rather than read". But a mixture of budget cuts and a £1.1bn equal pay claim from female workers has left the council with significant financial problems. Council leader Sir Albert Bore said the legal bill in particular had left the Labour-run council in a "horrendous position financially". Library user Steve Godwin, 52, of Handsworth Wood, said he thought the move was "absolutely appalling". "It's one of the highlights of the city. As a library it's wonderful, modern architecture at its better end. It's a crying shame." Elaine Lawrence, 47, from Penkridge, Staffordshire, said she thought it was "a bit of a shame" but added: "I don't know how many read books these days. "I assume if the council have done research, they'll know it doesn't need to open on Sundays." Now: From 19 April: The Wolfson Centre for Archival Research will be open Tuesday to Saturday 11:00 - 16:00. This will be reviewed at the end of May. Ciara Gallagher, 23, from Solihull, said it seemed "ridiculous to spend a huge amount of money" to then only have it open for 40 hours a week. However, she thought there would only be a limited impact on tourism "because people would take photos outside anyway and may not go inside". David Rostron, 34, of Dudley, said: "When they make such a bold statement with the library to rejuvenate the idea of the library and then cut staffing levels and hours, it's almost taking it away. "The idea of having a library for people to drop into, that's flexible for people working or students - and then to take that away - it's huge, especially for families with children who may only be able to go on Sundays." The Library of Birmingham was recently named the only attraction outside London on a list of the UK's 10 most-visited tourist sites last year. It drew more than 2.4 million visitors, beating London's British Library, which saw about 1.6 million.	The £189m Library of Birmingham, which has been open for less than two years, is to be shut on Sundays.
It's a last chance for players to impress British and Irish Lions selectors before coach Warren Gatland names his squad on 19 April. And with all four regions in action, Wales summer tour coach Robin McBryde has said performances could have a major impact on squad selection. So what's at stake and who can impress the selectors? Here's a quick guide to the two matches. There is more hanging on this one for third-placed Ospreys than the Blues. The Swansea-based region were looking safe in the Pro12 play-off places until losing their last two matches away at bottom club Treviso and at home against leaders Leinster. The 11 point buffer they enjoyed over the team in fifth-place before those results is now down to two, with Ulster and Scarlets breathing down their necks. Ospreys' two remaining matches after Saturday are against their main play-off rivals so they need a win to keep control of their own fate. At least Steve Tandy's men don't have to worry about European qualification, having already secured a place in the 2017-18 European Champions Cup. Cardiff Blues will face a play-off for a place in European rugby's top flight - even if they overtake sixth-placed Glasgow Warriors. Qualifying rules mean at least one team from each of the five participating countries qualifies, so Glasgow will take Scotland's place with Edinburgh marooned in ninth place. Revenge and pride may be motivating factors for Danny Wilson's team after they were thrashed by Ospreys in their previous meeting this season. Previous meeting: Ospreys 46-24 Cardiff Blues, 7 October Last season: Cardiff Blues 27-40 Ospreys Lions watch: With Dan Biggar sidelined keep an eye on Rhys Webb and Justin Tipuric of the Ospreys. With Sam Warburton out of action, it's difficult to see any of Saturday's Blues line up making the trip. Wales tour bolters: Olly Cracknell of the Ospreys and Blues wing Rhun Williams. Scarlets are hot on the heels of Ospreys and will overtake their west Wales rivals if they beat the struggling Dragons and Ospreys slip-up against the Blues. Dragons make a habit of playing well against their Welsh rivals, however, and could have won at Parc y Scarlets earlier this season. But current form suggests another win for Wayne Pivac's team as they strive for a place in the end-of-season play-offs by securing a top-four finish. With a difficult trip to Connacht and a final day showdown at home against Ospreys to come, Scarlets would like to get the points in the bag. Kingsley Jones' Dragons have lost nine consecutive matches, culminating in Saturday's 29-14 defeat by Zebre in Parma. They can finish ninth in the table, but will have an anxious eye on Zebre who are just two points behind them in 11th place. Previous meeting: Scarlets 31-27 NG Dragons, 8 October Last season: NG Dragons 20-34 Scarlets Lions watch: Plenty to watch in the Scarlets line-up. Jonathan Davies, Scott Williams, John Barclay, Ken Owens, Liam Williams and Rob Evans are potential candidates. Wales tour bolters: Rhys Patchell, James Davies and Steff Evans for Scarlets. Cory Hill for the Dragons.	Welsh Domestic rugby's biggest day of the season will see more than 55,000 spectators at the Principality Stadium for Judgement Day V.
DR Congo will replace the Comoros Islands, who withdrew for a second successive year. Originally scheduled for May, the tournament is now being staged from 11 to 25 June after hosts Namibia requested a change of dates. It means DR Congo could also include foreign-based players in their squad now that the tournament does not clash with the next round of African Nations Cup qualifiers. Last year, Ghana competed in the annual southern African championship with a team of home-based players but suffered an embarrassingly early exit and failed to deliver on the box office appeal the organisers had been hoping for. DR Congo will go into the 14-team tournament as the top-ranked side and will participate from the quarter-final stage onwards. The draw will take place on Monday, 25 April in Windhoek when the 14 teams will learn their fate and their seeding based on the April 2016 Fifa rankings. The tournament has for several years now been divided into two parts. In the first week there is a group competition with two groups of four. These eight countries are the bottom eight in the rankings but each guaranteed three games. They will be Angola, Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, the Seychelles, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. The two group winners are then joined by the six top-ranked nations (DR Congo, South Africa, Zambia, Botswana, Mozambique and Namibia) for the final knockout phase. But countries eliminated at the quarter-final stage still get to play at least one more match in a plate competition. Zambia and Zimbabwe have each won the Cosafa Cup on four occasions since the competition was first played in 1997. South Africa and Angola have three titles each, while Namibia claimed their first championship when they defeated Mozambique 2-0 in last year's final.	African Nations Championship winners Democratic Republic of Congo have accepted an invitation to participate in the Cosafa Cup in Namibia in June.
Ian Paterson, 58, who worked at hospitals run by the Heart of England NHS Trust and Spire Healthcare, faces 21 counts dating back to 1997. The surgeon, who treated about 700 women from 1993 to 2012, was suspended by the General Medical Council in 2012. He did not enter a plea at Birmingham Magistrates' Court and will appear at the city's crown court on 15 February. Mr Paterson, of Castle Mill Lane, Ashley, Altrincham, faces one charge of causing grievous bodily harm and 20 of wounding with intent. The alleged offences took place between 1997 and 2011. The GMC is investigating allegations that Mr Paterson, who worked mainly for the NHS at Solihull Hospital and two private hospitals run by Spire, carried out unnecessary, inappropriate or unregulated operations. Mr Paterson stands accused of carrying out invasive breast surgery on women with suspected breast cancer when a simple biopsy might have been sufficient. He is also accused of using a banned procedure, known as a cleavage sparing mastectomy, that involves leaving behind some potentially cancerous tissue for cosmetic reasons. Concerns about his work first surfaced in 2007, but it was not until 2011 that he was excluded from the trust where he worked. More than 550 patients were recalled to hospital to have their cases reviewed.	A breast surgeon has been charged with 21 counts of unlawfully and maliciously wounding 11 patients.
Former bank manager Steven Green, 43, and his co-accused Alan Dambrosio, 51, were warned to expect "significant prison sentences" next month. Green and Dambrosio had denied assaulting the victim on 25 April 2014. The 55-year-old was attacked at West Philpstoun Steadings in West Lothian. Green ran Pentland Capital and held an interest in Glencairn Risk Solutions, which was co-owned by Dambrosio. The pair had been on bail throughout their trial at the High Court in Edinburgh but after a jury convicted them of the offence on majority verdicts a judge remanded them in custody. Green, from Kirkliston on the outskirts of Edinburgh, and Dambrosio, from Edinburgh, had both denied any involvement in the assault. Lord Uist told them: "The jury, who were not taken in by your obvious lies in the witness box, have convicted both of you of a very serious crime of violence. "You should be in no doubt that when I come to sentence you, after having received the appropriate reports, a significant prison sentence will be passed on each of you." The judge rejected defence pleas that both men be allowed to continue on bail ahead of sentencing next month to "put their affairs in order". The pair were found guilty with others unknown of assaulting the victim. He was repeatedly struck on the head and body with a weapon and forced into a van. He was bound with tape and hooded and repeatedly hit on the head and body and had bleach poured on him and was robbed of items such as a wallet and threatened with violence if money was not paid to Green within seven days. The man said the purchase of the bridging loan business previously owned by Green had been completed in November 2013 with a price tag of Â£800,000. He said the money had not been paid and it was agreed to settle once some of its loans had been redeemed and the fund behind it was back of an even keel. Advocate depute Jim Keegan QC asked the victim what he had thought was going to happen to him during the ordeal and he told the court: "I didn't think I was going to come back out of that, quite honestly. I thought I was going to die, quite frankly." He had turned up for a morning meeting with Green at a garden centre but it was closed and he was invited back to Green's office at the steading buildings and updated him on a meeting he had held in the Isle of Man. The former stockbroker, who had been involved in a Â£800,000 purchase of a bridging loan firm from Green, made his way back to his vehicle but was attacked. He said a van had pulled up near Green's vehicle with three people round about it. He said: "I thought they were going to wash Steve's car. I thought it was a mobile valet." "I walked past it and then the next thing I knew I had a very large hit on the back of my head," he said. He added: "I had two guys on my back trying to pull me back to the van, hitting me with a billy club or truncheon." The attack victim estimated he was hit 30 to 40 times. He was then let go after being told he had "seven days to get the money".	A venture capital firm owner and a director in a security and surveillance business have been found guilty after a former stockbroker was abducted and assaulted in an extortion bid.
Amor Ftouhi - who is originally from Tunisia - is in custody after allegedly attacking a police officer at Bishop International Airport in Flint. The FBI says he unsuccessfully tried to obtain a gun in the US, before buying the knife used in the assault. Lieutenant Jeff Neville is in a stable condition in hospital. FBI special agent David Gelios told media on Thursday the accused legally crossed into the US by car at the Lake Champlain, New York border crossing on 16 June. Authorities believe he entered the state of Michigan on 18 June after they found and searched his vehicle, which was left in the airport car park. "It is a good news story that we have an individual who attempted to buy a gun in the United States and was unsuccessful," Agent Gelios told reporters. US authorities have given Mr Ftouhi's age as 47, 49 and 50. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said his apartment in Montreal, Quebec, was searched on Thursday. Mr Ftoufi was living in a working-class neighbourhood dubbed the Petit Maghreb because it is popular with North African immigrants. He has resided in the building with his wife and three children for close to six years, his landlord, Luciano Piazza, told Reuters news agency. According to US court records, Mr Ftouhi worked on and off as a truck driver. Neighbours quoted by various Canadian media outlets described him as quiet and friendly. Lt Neville was standing at the top of the airport escalators when he was approached from behind and knifed. The FBI said the attacker shouted "Allah" and "you have killed people in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, and we are all going to die". Agent Gelios said there is still no evidence the attack was part of a wider plot or that Mr Ftouhi had any accomplices. The FBI says the accused had not previously been on the radar of authorities in either country. Mr Ftouhi is charged with committing an act of violence at an airport by US authorities on Wednesday. His next court appearance is on 28 June. Authorities say it is possible more charges will be laid.	The FBI says it believes the Canadian terror suspect in Wednesday's Michigan airport stabbing attempted to buy a gun while in the US.
Newport moved of the League Two drop zone for the first time since November 2016 after a sixth win in 10 games. County are two points clear of Hartlepool United with two games remaining. "We're under no illusions, our feet are firmly on the ground," midfielder Labadie told BBC Radio Wales Sport. "We know there's a lot of work left to do. We've got to go into the next two games as we have the last six or seven. "We're really confident and enjoying our football at the moment. It's a happy environment." Newport were 11 points adrift of safety when Mike Flynn replaced Graham Westley as manager in March. Four wins out of their last five games, including Saturday's 1-0 win over Accrington Stanley, have seen Flynn's side move above Hartlepool United. The Exiles could secure Football League football for another season if they win at Carlisle United on Saturday, 29 April.	Captain Joss Labadie is confident Newport County can avoid relegation although says they need to maintain their recent good form.
Chairman Phil George said the Welsh Government-commissioned independent review of literature and publishing was "deeply disappointing". It recommended stripping Literature Wales of much of its responsibilities for nurturing writers and promoting their work. It was suggested the Welsh Books Council (WBC) should handle it instead. Until now the WBC has focused on grants for publishers and distributing printed works. The Arts Council of Wales (ACW) was criticised by the review's authors for not properly overseeing Literature Wales' activities, despite giving it a public subsidy of more than Â£700,000 a year. Mr George said: "I don't think that we failed in our oversight of Literature Wales. "The first thing to say is that we don't recognise the description of Literature Wales as a kind of dysfunctional organisation not worthy of public funds. "But that's not because we are complacent about it, we know that all the organisations that we fund get careful attention from us and we look carefully at the way that they operate and there are ambitions that we develop with them." Chairman of the review panel, Prof Medwin Hughes, declined to comment while its recommendations were still being considered by the Welsh Government. Mr George did accept some improvements could be made: "We are not saying Literature Wales is perfect. We are working with them on a number of fronts. "But we certainly don't recognise the description of them and therefore we don't think that we have been neglectful in looking after them." Economy Secretary Ken Skates declined to be interviewed but First Minister Carwyn Jones was asked about the review's conclusions during an assembly committee meeting. Responding to a question by Bethan Jenkins about it, Mr Jones said: "I'm aware of the comments. "Over the years, one of the things I've noticed is that it's a small sector but the comments can often be quite strong when they're made." He said the government would consider "all the comments made" as part of its formal response to the review, but no date for that response had been decided. The assembly's culture committee will hold its own inquiry into the review of literature and publishing in September. Conservative committee member Suzy Davies said: "I think one of the things that's been disappointing about this report, despite it being claimed to have reached a wide section of the public, when you look at the actual figures that have been quoted - 800 people filled in a questionnaire. "Do you know, they are authors, publishers and journalists. They are not members of the public, so your average readers or consumers of the written word, in whatever format it is, I don't think this has even touched the surface of what they think. "So before the cabinet secretary [Ken Skates] comes to any conclusions he needs to take some evidence from the outside world as well."	The head of the Arts Council of Wales has defended its oversight of a company at the heart of a damning review.
The Labour leader said he did not accept an Institute for Fiscal Studies assessment that debt would be Â£90bn higher in 2019-20 under his plans. He also defended his decision to carve key Labour policies in a stone tablet. Mr Miliband said his plans to abolish non-dom tax status would be non-negotiable in post-election talks. BBC deputy political editor James Landale said this was the first time the Labour leader had acknowledged he might not win an outright victory in Thursday's general election. Asked what were the issues he thought were most important ahead of polling day, Mr Miliband said: "We have our manifesto and I'm determined we implement our manifesto, but I'll give you one symbol - non-dom status. Any government I lead is going to get rid of non-dom status, people that live here, work here, permanently settled here and don't pay taxes here." This issue includes the wider economy and deficit reduction but also employment and the role of business. Policy guide: Where the parties stand Labour has criticised the scale of spending cuts planned by the Conservatives and say they will balance the books "in a fairer way" than their rivals. In his BBC interview, Mr Miliband said the Conservatives had failed to "deal with the deficit". Asked whether Labour would "borrow a lot more" than the Conservatives, he replied: "No, I don't believe we would." He said he did not agree with the IFS, which said last month the debt would be Â£90bn higher under Labour's plans than the Conservatives', adding that "the credibility of a deficit plan is does it add up, does it make sense and is it going to work". The Labour leader was also asked about comments by Lucy Powell, the vice-chairwoman of Labour's general election campaign, about his decision to have party policies carved into a stone tablet. Asked on BBC Radio 5 live if carving them in stone made them more believable, Ms Powell said: "I don't think anyone is suggesting that the fact that he's carved them into stone means that he is absolutely not going to break them or anything like that." Mr Miliband said promises would not be broken, adding: "Carved in stone, delivered by a Labour government. Couldn't be clearer." Asked whether Ms Powell had been wrong, he replied: "Well, I'm clear about it, yes." In her interview, Ms Powell went on to say Mr Miliband "stands by his promises", adding: "It was just another way of highlighting that, which is that he's a guy of principle, of decency, a guy who is tough and he is going to deliver on his promises he set out, unlike some of this opponents." Mr Miliband was also asked about Labour's approach to business, saying he had never claimed to have run a business and adding: "You can understand what it means without being a business person yourself". He said his party had a "pro business" not a "pro business as usual" agenda, adding that "the future of this country will depend on millions more successful businesses". The Labour leader said he was not nervous about the prospect of become prime minister if he wins the election: "I'm ready to change this country for working people and I see it as my duty to change this country for working people," he added. A Conservative spokesman said Mr Miliband's comments on borrowing were "highly misleading". He added: "As the independent Institute for Fiscal Studies makes clear, Ed Miliband will borrow more and rack up more debt. "That will mean higher taxes, higher mortgage rates and lost jobs."	Ed Miliband says he does not believe Labour would end up borrowing more money than the Conservatives plan to if he wins the election.
Kyran Peet was targeted after the 23-year-old befriended him on Facebook and claimed he was also a teenager. The man was welcomed into Kyran's family home in Chorley, Lancashire, before the abuse began and the teenager eventually reported him to police. His abuser was jailed indefinitely in 2012 before the sentence was reduced to six years and three months on appeal. Kyran, now aged 19, has waived his legal right to anonymity to talk about his experience in a bid to support other victims. He said: "It was obviously a horrific ordeal. Being that young it was not something my brain could comprehend. It moved very quickly, and when you're young you obviously think you're older than you are. "I had just come out as gay so I was like, I'm ready. Thinking I was more mature. "Everyone thought we were just friends but I thought I was in love with this guy. "But there were suspicions. [My family] found it suspicious. There were rumours going around about him." Kyran said the "turning point" was when he found a message from the abuser's father, revealing his true age. "I thought if he's lying about his age he must've lied about everything." Police became involved and his abuser eventually admitted sexual activity with a child at Preston Crown Court. Kyran said: "It wasn't just sexual abuse but psychological abuse too, because he would make me feel like I was crazy when I raised any doubts. "But I had family and friends around me. That hurt that I'm feeling now, I want to make sure that doesn't happen to anyone else." Kyran was supported by The Children's Society and has since become an ambassador for the charity, He is currently trying to raise Â£2,800 via a charity trek through South America to "give something back". "The abuse had a big impact on me mentally and emotionally and I was lucky I had a project worker who was there to listen to me and support me," he said. "It affected me for a while, negatively, but when I started wondering what I wanted to do with my life, one of those things was trying to change other people's lives and trying to provide them with information. "You don't have to let it destroy your life. You don't have to be scared or ashamed of what's happened to you. You can share your story, you can fundraise."	A teenager who was groomed online and abused by an older man at the age of 13 has described his "horrific ordeal".
The Dane, who started the day six clear after shooting a course record 62 on Friday, had five birdies in his round. England's David Horsey, who also carded a 68, is one of five players tied for second on 11 under par. Masters champion Danny Willett struggled again as he bids to finish the season as European number one. Willett needs to finish fifth to regain top spot in the Race to Dubai from Open winner Henrik Stenson but was joint 48th after a third-round 68.	Overnight leader Thorbjorn Olesen tightened his grip on the Turkish Open with a three-under-par 68 to take a seven-shot lead into the final round.
Almost half of 2,215 16- to 25-year-olds polled by YouGov for the Prince's Trust said they had themselves experienced a mental health problem. And a third of these felt admitting to problems could harm their job chances. Fear of stigma was a "major obstacle" to finding help, said Prof Louise Arseneault, of Kings College London. A third of the young people sampled also said they would worry about appearing weak if they sought help, and most said they would not want to confide in anyone at all. Prof Arseneault, a mental health leadership fellow at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience at Kings College, said it was "extremely worrying to see that young people suffer from the stigma around mental health". "This can be a major obstacle for them in seeking help and finding support, which could further affect their confidence in finding work at a crucial stage in their lives. "It shouldn't be like this. "Increasing the understanding and awareness of mental health problems among young people should be a key priority. "We also need to explore ways of ensuring young people with mental health problems do not fall out of education or employment at an early age." The findings are the second instalment of anonymised research carried out online in November among a representative sample of young people from across the UK for the Prince's Trust Macquarie Youth Index. The first instalment was published in January.	Over three-quarters of young people say there is a stigma to mental illness and a quarter would not ask for help if they were suffering, a survey suggests.
Myles Bradbury, 41, of Herringswell in Suffolk, admitted abusing 18 children in his care at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, between 2009 and 2013. Bradbury has admitted 25 offences, including sexual assault, voyeurism and possessing more than 16,000 indecent images. The judge told him his offences were a "gross and grotesque breach of trust". Sentencing him at Cambridge Crown Court, Judge Gareth Hawkesworth said: "In many years' experience on the bench, I have never come across a more culpable or grave course of sexual criminality which has involved such a gross and grotesque breach and betrayal of your Hippocratic Oath and trust reposed in you by your patients, their families and colleagues." Bradbury's actions amounted to a "prolonged, carefully planned, cruel and persistent campaign of abuse" he said. The judge told Bradbury, a blood cancer specialist who was arrested in December 2013, he had no doubt he had caused psychological harm to his victims and was at risk of doing so in future. "He would ask to get me in the room on my own, and say I'm old enough to go in a room on my own. "And then he'd want to check me. "Instead of checking just my joints, he'd want to check my whole body. "He'd make me strip down. "He focused on my private parts." Canadian authorities had alerted the UK's Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (Ceop) in July 2012 that Bradbury had bought a DVD containing indecent images of children, but Ceop did not pass on the information until November 2013. In September, he pleaded guilty to six counts of sexual assault and 13 counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child. Bradbury also admitted three counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, one count of voyeurism and two counts of making indecent images of a child. He was a charming intellectual with a grotesque secret. Myles Bradbury hid his depravity from everyone. No-one suspected a thing - not even his wife, his hospital colleagues or worshippers at his local church. But the consultant also fitted the profile of a paedophile - someone who goes out of his way to get access to children. His choice of profession, and his decision to work in an African AIDS orphanage. He's lost a Â£100,000 career, his wife has separated from him, taking their new child with her. He only answered "no comment" in police interviews. So we may never know how many boys he molested. His greatest claim to fame was that he once met the Queen. Now he will be detained at her pleasure for a very long time. Bradbury had used a spy pen to take pictures of his victims. It contained 170,425 images of "boys partially clothed... none indecent", the court heard. The images of his victims, some of whom had haemophilia, leukaemia and other serious illnesses, were gathered at Addenbrooke's Hospital. The hospital's chief executive, Dr Keith McNeil, said: "Our thoughts today are with our patients and families who were victims of Bradbury's shocking and cynical abuse. "Today's sentencing of Bradbury cannot undo the damage he caused but he is finally behind bars and is no longer a risk to vulnerable children. "The lengthy sentence shows Bradbury's abhorrent betrayal and manipulation of his position as a doctor has been fully recognised." As well as sentencing him to 22 years, Judge Hawkesworth said Bradbury would be placed on the sex offenders register for life and also made subject of a sexual offences prevention order for life. Bradbury must serve half his prison sentence before being released on licence, the judge said. The Crown Prosecution Service for the East of England (CPS) described Bradbury's abuse of his patients as "one of the worst cases of a breach of trust" it had prosecuted. Michelle Brown, head of the CPS Rape and Serious Sexual Offences Unit (RASSO), said: "This paedophile doctor took advantage of his young patients battling serious illness by systematically sexually abusing them. Such cruelty is unimaginable to most of us." Det Supt Gary Ridgway, from Cambridgeshire Police, said: "This case has understandably caused distress to many people. "Bradbury was highly respected and revered by the families of his victims who trusted him implicitly but he betrayed that trust in an appalling way, by carrying out examinations purely for his own sexual gratification." Reacting to the sentence, the parents of one victim said: "We're very happy... it may be over for him but it's not for us." Another mother said: "I'm very pleased - he's got what he deserved." Mr Ridgeway paid tribute to the victims and their families, saying they showed "great bravery in coming forward and ensuring Bradbury was held to account".	A paedophile doctor who abused young cancer patients has been sentenced to 22 years in jail.
Police Scotland said a 28-year-old man was arrested in the Drumchapel area of Glasgow. He has been reported to the procurator fiscal in relation to an alleged contravention of Schedule 7 of the Scottish Independence Referendum Act. The Electoral Commission said the selling and buying of votes is illegal. A spokeswoman said it could lead to a year in prison or a "substantial" fine. She said the commission had made an agreement with eBay that any such "votes for sale" listings would be taken down and referred to police. Police launched an investigation after a number of people apparently tried to sell their votes online. Votes for the 18 September ballot were listed on the site, which has since removed the items. One online listing offered buyers a "unique piece of British history".	A man has been arrested in connection with an attempt to sell a referendum ballot paper on the online auction site eBay.
In the weeks after it opened to the public in June, media hailed the success of the Shanghai resort, which cost approximately $5.5bn (£4.22bn) to build. Commentaries welcomed a park that was "poised to lure millions". Disney with Chinese characteristics was seen as something that would combine tradition, innovation and spectacle. One paper, the Beijing News, even contrasted the business with what they called the "embarrassment of the lack of domestic creativity". But in recent weeks the mainstream media has begun to highlight some dissatisfaction with the project,  focusing on long queues, the sudden closure of some attractions, as well as allegations of poor working conditions at one supplier's factory. Several state media outlets reported on 10 August that there was an "outcry" after five sites at the resort suddenly closed "without advance warning". A Disney executive was quoted in those reports as saying the "maintenance and operational requirements" that arose from unpredictable conditions were to blame for the closure of a number of attractions, including the Pirates of the Caribbean and Roaring Rapids ride. But this did not stem the disappointment. The English-language China News Service agency said it left "enraged visitors waiting in line for hours" and that many had voiced their "anger" over the problems.  It added that the theme park had since "declined demands for a refund". Amid the anger of people turned away at queues, some on social media asked if the "sudden maintenance" was simply an excuse to reduce the lines of waiting visitors.  Other social media users expressed concerns about safety at the park. Pang Qingxin wondered if "staff suddenly found a loose part or a security risk" on one of the machines, while user Zhuanshen YMTE speculated that the closure was due to insufficient "security checks". But others weighed in to defend Disney, saying that maintenance and inspections were surely to be expected, especially in such a busy resort. Geini Dianla said: "I hope that Shanghai Disneyland can make clear to tourists what happened." Disney has had its share of controversy in China since the resort's opening. Days after the public gained access, Disney subsidiaries Disney Enterprises Inc and Pixar sued Chinese companies for alleged copyright infringement on the animated franchise Cars. On 3 August, Hong Kong daily South China Morning Post reported that one supplier, a Hong Kong-based firm with a factory in China manufacturing products for Disney stores and theme parks worldwide, was being investigated for mistreating workers. It cited an investigation by US-based China Labour Watch investigation - The Dark World of Disney - which found "terrible" and "horrifying" conditions in the Guangdong-based factory. It said staff had to work 66 hours a week for an hourly wage of between $1.30 and $1.50. The owner of the firm and factory declined to comment  on the report. Perhaps predictably, an influx of fake Disney tickets has also appeared online, according to Shanghai paper Xinmin News. It said a search brought up nearly 1,000 items and that "real and fake tickets are incredibly difficult to tell apart". It is a challenge that Disney, like many other companies, has to overcome. China's financial press chose to emphasise the commercial benefits the Shanghai theme park brought to the Disney conglomerate. Financial paper China Securities Journal says that theme parks have been a major earner in Disney's quarterly profit and revenue, saying that they "beat analysts' estimates". The Stocks News page on popular web portal Sina adds that the "film and theme park business" has been "good" for Disney, saying that theme park revenue has grown six per cent to $4.38bn. State outlets adopted a more sceptical view. China National Radio said "the heat surrounding Disney has cooled", that real estate investors interested in the site had "vanished", and that the number of tourists had "begun to decline". National newspaper Global Times noted a "drop in enthusiasm" and that "the level of service hasn't lived up to everyone's expectations."  All media agree that the theme park remains a significant draw for China's domestic tourists. But after a launch that was universally hailed, some questioning has begun. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring  on Twitter and Facebook. CORRECTION: This article has been amended to remove a reference to the Rio Olympic games, which was out of place. Some of the wording has also been changed to better reflect Chinese media coverage.	China's official media, which at first feted the arrival of the mainland's first Disney resort in Shanghai, has become more questioning.
The measure sees a child placed with extended family, friends or foster parents until they reach 18 instead of being adopted or fostered. The number of babies involved rose from 160 in 2012 to 520 in 2014, while most of the children are aged four or under. The number of children placed for adoption has been falling. The Department for Education says it is reviewing the situation. But a spokeswoman said the orders were effective in many circumstances. Special guardianship is a long-term placement and can be an alternative to adoption or care for children whose parents neglect or abuse them. The process can be "quite speedy" and "is not nearly as thorough" as adopting, said BBC Today programme reporter Sanchia Berg. Groups working with families have welcomed the fact more children can live safely with relatives or friends - but there are concerns too. Andy Elvin, chief executive of fostering and adoption charity TACT, said children living with extended family "is a good thing". But he said there were concerns over whether assessments were detailed enough, saying some family members may not be close to the child before the process begins. He also raised concerns the level of "post-placement" support was not as high as it was after adoption. Cathy Ashley, chief executive of justice charity Family Rights Group, said there was evidence that being placed with extended family was beneficial. But she said it "isn't right that there isn't parity of support". Hugh Thornbery, chief executive of Adoption UK, said special guardianship had provided "permanence" for many children. He said: "The research evidence points to their success when used in the right circumstance and where the right support is provided to the carers." But he added:  "Adoption UK's concern is that the drop in adoptions could be partly as a result of over-reliance on special guardianship orders in cases where they may not be appropriate or provide the lifelong permanence that adoption provides." The last official set of figures for adoptions in England were released in November 2014. They show that in the three months to June 2014, there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption, compared with 1,830 in the three months to September 2013. There has been a delay in publishing more up-to-date statistics because of the election, but figures cited by the Independent newspaper this month suggest the trend has continued. The British Association for Adoption and Fostering told the BBC that recent court rulings had underlined local councils' need to consider all options, such as placing with birth relatives before seeking adoption. The Department for Education said: "Councils have told us the way they use SGOs has evolved over the 10 years since their introduction, including a rise in orders for younger children in more recent years. "That is why we are taking the opportunity to ensure SGOs are only used in the right circumstances, as well as reviewing the existing good practice and support available for special guardians. "We will report back in due course."	The number of babies being made subject to special guardianship orders in England has tripled in two years, according to data obtained by the BBC.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 6 April 2015 Last updated at 07:10 BST But the people who look after lots of rivers in England and Wales want us to stop giving them their traditional snack. So what should we feed the ducks instead? Ayshah's got more details.	Spring is nearly here so the time is right to head down to your local park and feed the local ducks.
UDA member John Boreland, 46, was shot dead in north Belfast last month. In the dock were Darren McAllister, 33, from Carrs Glen, Belfast, Thomas Pearson, 61, from Cliftondene Park in the city and Thomas O'Hara, 29, from Brownhill Drive, Kilbirnie, Scotland. They appeared at Belfast Magistrates' Court on Thursday. The men spoke only to confirm their names. All three were remanded in custody to appear in court again via video link on 13 October. Mr Boreland was shot a number of times as he walked to his flat in the Sunningdale Gardens area of north Belfast on 7 August. He died at the scene. A fourth man, aged 33, who was arrested on Tuesday in Newtownabbey, north Belfast, has been released pending a report to the PPS.	Three men arrested in the investigation into the murder of a prominent loyalist paramilitary have been charged with perverting the course of justice.
The Commons Education Committee says the government has not addressed the "endemic retention problems" in the profession. Its report highlights how the vacancy rate has grown by a quarter since 2014, leaving 17% of jobs unfilled in 2015. The government said it was investing to improve the quality of social work. The average career in social work lasts less than eight years, compared to 16 for a nurse and 25 for a doctor. And high vacancy rates have led to increased reliance on agency workers This is at a time when the number of children in care is at its highest rate for three decades. Ministers need to work more closely with the profession at a time when "social work is under immense pressure" the report says, before adding that social workers are facing increasing workloads and local authorities are wrestling with tighter funding. "The government's new reforms do not focus enough on tackling the endemic retention problems," it continues. "Poor working conditions, caused by high caseloads, negative media coverage and a dysfunctional 'blame culture', are driving experienced social workers from the profession. "Limits should be placed on caseloads and a national workforce planning system created to forecast supply and demand." The committee heard how social workers' morale was "extremely low". Excessive workloads were one of the primary causes of this and evidence suggests caseloads are at dangerously high levels, it heard. Ofsted's most recent social care report from 2013-14 found that reports from various sources cited high caseloads year on year. A survey in 2012, by the British Association of Social Workers, found that 77% of respondents thought their caseloads were at an unmanageable level. Committee chairman Neil Carmichael said: "The government's new reforms do not focus enough on tackling the endemic retention problems in children and families' social work and ministers must now make it a priority to fix this issue. "Improving post-qualifying prospects, increasing the voice of social workers at a national level and changing the 'blame culture' persistent in social work, are important steps which can be driven forward by a strong professional body." The committee also recommends that the government's many reforms are allowed to settle before others are introduced. It calls for ministers to draw up an in-depth delivery plan for the reforms it has already launched as well as new ones - and suggests a national public awareness campaign to celebrate the positive aspects of social work. A Department for Education spokeswoman said the government agreed "both that social work is one of our most important public services and that work is needed to improve its quality. Excellent social work transforms lives". She added: "That's why the government has invested over Â£700m in training and recruitment, why we have committed a further Â£200m to innovation projects intended to increase the quality of social care practice and why we intend to accredit every children and family social worker in the country to a high standard." The spokeswoman added that the government was working on plans for a specialist regulator for social work in conjunction with the profession.	High drop-out rates among England's social workers must be tackled urgently as they grapple with the pressure of increasing workloads, MPs say.
For the first time in more than 40 years, the Conservatives now hold the majority at Babergh District Council. The Tories have also secured Waveney District Council after winning 27 of its 48 seats. Babergh's final result for the Sudbury South ward was announced on Saturday after Friday's counters became too tired to carry on. The Conservatives took an extra 14 seats and now have a total of 31 councillors, independents have eight, the Lib Dems have three, Labour have one and the Greens have lost their only seat. In Waveney, the results were 27 seats for the Conservatives, 20 for Labour and one for the Greens. Results for Forest Heath, Ipswich, Mid Suffolk, Suffolk Coastal and St Edmundsbury councils were declared on Friday.	The Conservatives have taken charge at two councils in Suffolk which previously had no overall control.
Ms Villiers wants US administration support for the government's Stormont House Agreement stance. She said it would not "fund a more expensive system of welfare in Northern Ireland than elsewhere". "That is an important principle for us," she said. "There is also an affordability question," she told BBC NI's Good Morning Ulster. "As a nation in 2010 we had the worst deficit in Europe and we still have got half of it to clear. "There is a genuine concern, even if we were to offer more money to Sinn Féin now, which we are not going to do. The worry is that they would come back for more in the future." Earlier this week, Martin McGuinness denied that his three-day visit to the United States for talks about the Stormont budget crisis had been a waste of time. He said if the crisis was not resolved by September, Stormont's government would be "hanging by a thread". His trip has coincided with a diplomatic visit to the US by Ms Villiers.	Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said she is worried that Sinn Féin would ask for more money if the government agreed to its current demands over welfare reform.
Who are these men in bowler hats and orange sashes? Most Orange Order parades pass off peacefully but the rest of the world has often only seen images of those that don't. So who is marching and why, and why do some people sometimes object to parades? The Orange Order is a 'fraternal' organisation, named for William of Orange, the Protestant Dutchman who seized the thrones of Catholic King James II back in the 'Glorious Revolution' of 1688. Two years later, 'King Billy' saw off James for good at the Battle of the Boyne, near Dublin. He is revered by the Orange Order as a champion of his faith and the man who secured the Protestant ascendancy in Ireland. The 'marching season' is a period of events from April to August, with the highpoint on 12 July when Orangemen march to commemorate William's victory. For many Catholics, these marches are triumphalist and sectarian - a means of very publicly 'rubbing in' a historical wrong - with some traditional Orange routes passing through or by staunchly Catholic and nationalist areas. Some of those marches have been re-routed but some remain contentious. At Garvaghy Road in Portadown, County Armagh, Orangemen make an annual protest at not being permitted to parade along the route they want to take. Efforts are made to reduce problems around contentious parades with re-routing and highly visible policing. The Orange Order itself has also attempted to move with the times, rebranding the 12 July celebrations 'Orangefest' in a public relations charm offensive that presents the day as a fun and inclusive dash of local colour. There was even, briefly, a superhero mascot called Diamond Dan. It's a canny decision, with membership of fraternal societies generally in sharp decline. The Orange Order's secrecy, ceremonies and archaic titles - all distantly derived from Freemasonry - smack of a bygone age. While staunchly loyal to its traditions, the Orange Order also understands it must reach out to a new generation. "It's full of tradition and history, but you have to make that fit with young people," says Mark McKinty, a 24-year-old Orangeman who joined after seeing Easter parades in Spain and religious festivals in India. "I realised that parades are used to express culture and faith â€¦ I've seen first-hand how that works." It is undeniably a spectacle worth seeing, although you'll hear it long before it appears. Most lodges march with a band that sometimes includes the occasional enormous Lambeg drum, one of the loudest acoustic instruments in the world. The marchers carry a colourful forest of banners, flags and pennants depicting an array of Protestant symbolism, including iconic scenes from Orange history such a King Billy crossing the Boyne or the 36th (Ulster Division) on the Somme. A few bands still tout the provocative emblems of loyalist paramilitary groups. The nature of the parade inevitably throws together those who envisage a peaceful future with those who hark back to a darker past. One of the problems confronting the Orange Order is that many cannot easily tell where the line falls between the two. Perhaps because of this, Orangefest is at pains to be inclusive, making much of lodges from as far afield as Togo, Canada and Ghana. *  Source: Orange Standard, Nov 2009 ** Source: Dr Eric Kaufmann, expert on the Orange Order Perhaps just as interesting is the social cross-section of Northern Ireland's unionists and Protestants who march or come to watch the marchers. The Orange Order has its origins in the 18th century Protestant rural vigilantes, like the 'Peep O'Day Boys', who were set up to fight their Catholic equivalent, the Defenders. The Order itself was founded after the so-called Battle of the Diamond, a skirmish that took place in County Armagh in 1795. "The message went out about this organisation they would set up to defend Protestants," says Clifford Smyth, a historian of the Orange Order. "Its most important feature was that it brought together people who didn't necessarily get on together, like Presbyterians and Methodists, so it unified the Protestant community." By the 20th century, the Order had pervaded the highest echelons of society. Every prime minister of Northern Ireland, from Partition in 1921 to the return of direct rule in 1972, was an Orangeman, as are a number of current ministers in the Northern Ireland Executive. The Order still sees itself as a unifying force among Protestants, and as such the lodges and their marches throw together people from very different parts of the social and political spectrum. The Orangemen's bowler hats, sashes and white gloves are still very much in evidence, but these are expensive and times are tight. The orange sash has been largely replaced by the cheaper 'collarette' and is the only compulsory item of uniform, usually worn over a suit and tie. The bands, by contrast, have colourful uniforms, finished with tassels, braid and buttons galore. Union flags are also highly visible, particularly among the spectators. The union with the rest of the United Kingdom is a cornerstone of the Orange Order - a major bone of contention between the marchers and the nationalists who would like to see a united Ireland. At the Belfast parade, the biggest of the 18 major 'Twelfth' parades across Northern Ireland, the marchers snake from Carlisle Circus in the north, via the Cenotaph at City Hall, to Barnett's Demesne, better known as 'The Field', in the south, where spectators, bands and Orangemen crowd together to picnic, drink and listen to speeches. But even with the rebranding, the PR push and the undeniable spectacle, the question remains: can the celebration of such a deeply contentious date, organised by a group that actively champions one community to the exclusion of another, ever be anything other than divisive? Put more simply, is the future bright for the Orangemen? "For a tourist, the cultural, historical and religious aspects of the parade are what they should see," says Harold Weir, a 42-year-old Orangeman. "We have been trying to get young people to learn and have respect for their own culture and other peoples'." Dr Eric Kaufmann, an expert on the Orange Order, says the Order's future probably depends on the direction Northern Ireland itself takes. "Their ideology is important. Can they work in a post-peace process Northern Ireland? Oddly enough I think it does work. If multiculturalism is accepting different cultures, then they slot right into that model â€¦ [but] they're definitely not going to work well in an integrated rather than a multicultural Northern Ireland."	If you're not from Northern Ireland, you may be wondering what on earth the 'marching season' is all about.
Vassell, 23, joined Posh from Bishop's Stortford in 2013 and scored six goals in 36 games, but was loaned out Dagenham and Shrewsbury last season. Versatile Daniel, 28, has spent time at Crewe, Macclesfield and Mansfield during his career. Both players have agreed a one-year deal with the option of a further year. They are the second and third signings for Gary Bowyer since becoming Blackpool boss after Jamille Matt joined from Lancashire rivals Fleetwood Town on Tuesday. "With how football has gone for me in the last couple of years, this is probably the most important decision I've made in football. I'm delighted to be here," Vassell told the club website. "It wasn't a hard decision for me. I want to come here, play well, win games, get promoted and score goals." Daniel added: "Hopefully I can come here, do well for the team and we can push on for promotion and get this club back to where it should be." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Blackpool will sign Peterborough striker Kyle Vassell and Port Vale winger Colin Daniel when their contracts expire on 1 July.
Media playback is not supported on this device Their 4-0 home win over Cefn Druids on Boxing Day saw them draw level with Ajax Amsterdam's record set in 1972. TNS can eclipse the record set by Johan Cruyff's team if they beat Cefn Druids away on 30 December. They have already established a Welsh Premier League record for consecutive wins, beating Bangor City's mark. Two goals by Adrian Cieslewicz and one-each for Alex Darlington and Greg Draper clinched win number 26 on Boxing Day. Saints are 21 points clear at the top of the table and as the season reaches the halfway point are on course to win a sixth consecutive title. Their perfect league record has already earned them a place in Welsh football's history books. Craig Harrison's men became the first side to win 16 consecutive Dafabet Welsh Premier League games in a season with a 4-0 victory over Airbus UK Broughton in November. They are also still on course to win the domestic Welsh treble for a third successive year. The Oswestry-based side are through to the final of the Nathaniel MG League Cup, where they will face Barry Town United in January and also in round four of the JD Welsh Cup. Saints are also making an impression further afield. Having been invited to take part in a new-look Scottish Challenge Cup, Saints have beaten Forfar Athletic and Livingston in reaching the semi-finals. "It's a bit surreal when you think about it and look at it," said TNS boss Craig Harrison. "There's been a bit of negative press leading up to it about Ajax and TNS and how can you compare. "But to win 26 games at any level is a huge achievement by the players and they should be very proud of it." The current world record was set by Dutch giants Ajax in 1972, by a side which included the legendary Cruyff and Johann Neeskens. The Amsterdam club won 26 games in a row in all competitions, including 19 league wins in the Eredivisie, four European Cup victories and three Dutch Cup wins. Ajax came within one game of equalling the record during the 1995-96 season when a side featuring Edwin van der Sar, Frank and Ronald de Boer, Edgar Davids and Jari Litmanen won 25 games in a row. Brazilian side Cortiba won 24 straight games in 2011 and Real Madrid - including Wales forward Gareth Bale - won 22 consecutive games during the 2014-15 season. Scottish side East Kilbride actually went on a longer winning run earlier this season, with 30 consecutive wins, and received a crate of beer from Ajax in recognition. But their feat has not been recognised by Guinness World Records as they play in the fifth-tier Lowland League. After beating second-from-bottom Cefn Druids at home on Boxing Day The Saints stand on the brink of eclipsing a record set by one of the sport's most celebrated teams. Victory in the return game away at Druids' The Rock stadium on Friday would secure a little piece of footballing history. Harrison's side last suffered defeat in July when they were beaten 3-0 by Apoel Nicosia of Cyprus in a Champions League second qualifying round second leg tie.	Welsh Premier League champions The New Saints have equalled a 44-year-old world record after recording a 26th consecutive win.
The 45-year-old has willingly gone to an unnamed centre, his management company confirmed. The former Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur and Lazio player has battled with alcoholism since giving up football. A recent appearance at a charity event, when he broke down sobbing on stage, sparked widespread concern. In a statement, GamePlan Solutions said that Paul Gascoigne was an alcoholic with "complex issues", which were being dealt with by professionals. It added: "Paul has been extremely touched and overwhelmed by the generous offers of help and support over the past few days. "He is motivated to fully understand and control his addiction problem under guidance." Gascoigne's drinking problems started during his playing days - he was admitted to the Priory Hospital, near Southampton, in 1998, shortly after his divorce from wife Sheryl. Three years later, whilst playing at Everton, Gascoigne admitted himself to an alcohol rehabilitation clinic in Arizona on the insistence of his then manager Walter Smith. In 2008, four years after retiring he was arrested in Newcastle and detained under the Mental Health Act. He was later sectioned following reports that he was acting strangely in Hemel Hempstead. More recently he has been treated at The Priory again and at the Providence Projects treatment centre in Bournemouth.	Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne has been admitted to a treatment centre in the US.
4 August 2016 Last updated at 09:18 BST The show sees competitors battle their self-built robots in a bid to be crowned Robot Wars champion. One of the stars of this week's show is nine-year-old April, who designed her robot Glitterbomb. She told Ayshah that her pink robot, built by her dad, is ready to make the other teams cry.	While your parents might remember it from years ago, Robot Wars has returned to our TV screens bigger and better than ever.
Police released CCTV showing the alleged assault that happened in Croydon on 16 October on the 166 bus. The pensioner suffered a black eye. Officers said a girl was arrested on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm. A second girl involved in the incident has been identified but not arrested, they added. More on this story and news from London Police had earlier said the suspect had got on the bus at a stop in Brighton Road, Coulsdon. Inquiries are ongoing, police said.	A 14-year-old girl has been arrested after an 87-year-old woman was punched on a bus in south London.
The 2.5 metre-tall acrylic oil canvasses, dubbed 'Four on Anglesey' depict iconic views from the island. They were painted over the course of a week by landscape artist Anthony Garratt and hoisted on to steel structures. It is hoped residents and visitors will be inspired and do a double take. They depict views of Caernarfon, Snowdonia, the Great Orme, the Llyn Peninsula and the Irish Sea and will be on display until October. The paintings were commissioned by owner of the Menai Holiday Cottages Bun Matthews, who wanted a "unique" celebration. She hopes residents and visitors will do a 'double take' on the view.	A unique art exhibition has been unveiled on Anglesey, with giant canvasses displayed at the exact beauty spots where they were painted.
Customers will be able to use Alipay at about 4 million businesses after a deal was signed with credit card processing service First Data. The deal is chiefly aimed at Chinese tourists visiting North America. It follows a small trial in California and New York, and brings Alipay into direct competition with the likes of ApplePay, Android Pay and PayPal. Along with rival WeChat, Alipay dominates the Chinese mobile payments market, and both firms are looking to increase their presence abroad. But there are also signs of US firms in the same industry looking for opportunities in China. In February, Apple teamed up with China's state-owned bankcard association, China Union Pay, allowing the lender's cardholders to use ApplePay. Globally Alipay has about 450 million customers. As well as online payments and money transfers, users can also hail a taxi, book a hotel and buy movie tickets directly from the within the app. Owned by Jack Ma's Ant Financial, it is Alibaba's digital payments arm. Earlier this year Ant Financial bought US-based MoneyGram for $880m (Â£700m). MoneyGram has about 350,000 outlets in nearly 200 countries. That takeover is under review, and needs regulatory approval from the US Committee on Foreign Investment.	Alipay, the Chinese digital payment giant owned by ecommerce giant Alibaba, is expanding in the US.
The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event, after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason. Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami. He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week. "My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury, that I keep carrying on for months, got worse in the past week," he said. "I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible." Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4,000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year. The Scot will lead the Serb by 3,090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4,045 points at the beginning of next month.	World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week's Miami Open because of an elbow injury.
FremantleMedia International said 13 hour-long episodes will be written by Heroes writer Joe Pokaski. It added, in a statement, that Casino Royale and Goldeneye director Martin Campbell was also on board. The original series, which ran on the BBC between 1978 and 1981, followed the exploits of a group of renegades and convicted criminals. Roj Blake, played by Welsh actor Gareth Thomas, was a political dissident arrested, tried and convicted on false charges by a brutal totalitarian government, and then deported from Earth to a prison planet. Stealing a spaceship, Blake and his team conducted a campaign against the ruling Terran Federation. Comparing Blake's 7 with the hit US sci-fi series Star Trek, The Independent said in 1998: "No 'boldly going' here: instead, we got the boot stamping on a human face which George Orwell offered as a vision of humanity's future in Nineteen Eighty-Four." At its peak, the series was watched by 10 million viewers and was sold to 40 countries. A range of Blake's 7 merchandise including books, magazines, annuals and toys were also released. A radio adaptation, featuring This Life's Daniela Nardini as villain Servalan, was made in 2006. According to FremantleMedia, the new series will be set in 2136 and will "tell the story of seven criminals - six guilty and one innocent - on their way to life on a prison colony in space, who together wrestle freedom from imprisonment". It continued: "They acquire an alien ship which gives them a second chance at life and become the most unlikely heroes of their time". Chief executive officer David Ellender said: "Blake's 7 was such a forward-thinking concept that the show continues to have resonance with audiences today." The latest announcement is not the first time a remake of Blake's 7 has been attempted. In 2003, a miniseries was shelved after actor Paul Darrow - who played Kerr Avon in the original show - left the project. Later in 2008, Sky One announced it had commissioned two 60-minute scripts for a potential series but two years later said it had decided not to proceed.	Cult classic sci-fi series Blake's 7 is to be remade for the Syfy network, it has been announced.
Although medically safe and not illegal, the chemical can cause a drop in blood pressure, fainting and heart attacks when used on a regular basis. But those using it publicly in Lambeth can now be issued with an on-the-spot fine of up to Â£1,000. Councillor Jane Edbrooke said using the gas was "not harmless fun". The Global Drug Survey says it is the UK's fourth popular recreational drug. In 2013-14, some 470,000 people took nitrous oxide, according to the Home Office. It is especially popular with young people, with 7.6% of 16 to 24-year-olds taking it that same year - a greater proportion than took cocaine (4.2%) and ecstasy (3.9%). There have, however, been 17 fatalities related to the use of laughing gas in the UK between 2006 and 2012, according to research. The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs says there was one death in 2011 and five in 2010. The US records about 15 deaths a year. It is illegal to sell to under-18s if there is a risk they will inhale it, but it remains available for adults to buy. Lambeth Council has now used new powers allowing local authorities to make their own laws to tackle local problems. Ms Edbrooke said the council hoped the ban would get a message across to the public. "It's not healthy, just because they're caused legal highs does not mean they're good for your health," she said. Local police and council officers will both enforce the ban.	Lambeth Council in London has become the first in the UK to ban the use of nitrous oxide, or laughing gas, as a recreational drug.
The latest earthquake hit near the town of Namche Bazar, near Mount Everest. The US Geological Survey said it had a magnitude of 7.4. An earthquake on April 25, centred in east Nepal, had a magnitude of 7.8. The latest tremor was felt as far away as the Indian capital Delhi, as well as Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. Strong tremors were felt in the capital of Nepal, Kathmandu, that was badly damaged in last month's earthquake. "This is a really big one," Prakash Shilpakar, the owner of a craft shop in Kathmandu, told the Reuters news agency.	A major earthquake has struck eastern Nepal, two weeks after a devastating quake killed more than 8,000 people.
Top-flight clubs have already paid out over £150m and a final flurry of activity could see the total spend pass the £225m mark of January 2011. Players may be leaving rather than joining the top sides, with Chelsea keeper Asmir Begovic and Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho perhaps moving. The transfer window closes at 23:00 GMT in both England and Scotland. You can follow all the deals and Tuesday's seven Premier League fixtures across the BBC on TV, radio, online, the BBC Sport app and social media. BBC Sport chief football writer Phil McNulty January's transfer window is traditionally less hectic and with less quality on offer than August - but that does not mean Tuesday will be calm rather than chaotic. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will be low key on incomings but one of the biggest deals of the day may yet be an Anfield outgoing, with Liverpool still hoping to secure nearly £20m for outcast France defender Sakho. The 26-year-old has drawn interest from Premier League rivals Southampton, Spanish side Sevilla and Turkish club Galatasaray - but word from inside Anfield is that this one could go down to the wire. Chelsea may see some departures as the day progresses, with Bosnia goalkeeper Begovic the subject of a £12m bid from fellow Premier League side Bournemouth and veteran defender Branislav Ivanovic wanted by Russian club Zenit St Petersburg. Begovic's departure will depend on the league leaders signing a replacement, so will they further pursue their interest in Craig Gordon from Scottish champions Celtic? Southampton may be consolidated in the Premier League and in the EFL Cup final against Manchester United, but manager Claude Puel is in the market for attacking reinforcements with Napoli's Manolo Gabbiadini in his sights. Gabbiadini was a target for Everton last summer only for a deal to fall down. His recent form does not inspire confidence, but the Saints have agreed a fee of about £14m for the player, who is set to have a medical on Tuesday. Down at the bottom of the table, Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce says he has been trying to sign between 20 and 30 players - and could David Moyes be tempted to test Everton boss Ronald Koeman's resolve to keep his former captain Phil Jagielka at Goodison Park? Koeman is a firm admirer of Burnley's fine young defender Michael Keane but faces a tough task prising him out of Turf Moor by close of play on Tuesday. This is one that might have to wait until the summer. West Ham United are in the mood to spend some of the £25m they reluctantly accepted from Marseille for Dimitri Payet - so expect them to head in the direction of Brentford for £15m-rated striker Scott Hogan. The race for promotion from the Championship may also spark some high-profile deals. Newcastle United would like Everton's James McCarthy, but a £20m price tag and reluctance to sell makes that a tough deal for Magpies boss Rafael Benitez. Will Benitez also pursue a return to St James' Park for winger Andros Townsend, such a success on Tyneside last season but seemingly not to Allardyce's liking at Selhurst Park? Goals will make a difference in that division, so someone may be tempted to overlook Ross McCormack's attitude - so heavily criticised by Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce - and take a chance on his goalscoring. And if Bruce can sell McCormack, it would be no surprise to see him direct some of the cash towards Middlesbrough's out-of-favour Scotland international Jordan Rhodes. The names may not be A-List - but there are still potentially plenty of big deals to provide the usual ration of deadline day excitement. Media playback is not supported on this device Online Our transfer deadline day live text commentary gets under way at 08:00 GMT and you can access it from your computer, tablet or mobile via the BBC Sport website or app. We will bring you the latest news, analysis, gossip and done deals from our reporters around the country and worldwide. You will also be able to have your say as the transfers are completed. Our transfers page will capture every confirmed move, while each club page will be updated with the latest transfer stories. Later, we will have three separate live pages for all of the Premier League, English Football League and Scottish Premiership action. Social media You will be able to follow all the deadline-day deals via BBC Sport's Twitter account and share your views using #bbcdeadlineday. There will also be the opportunity to give your reaction on the BBC Sport and Match of the Day Facebook pages. Radio There will be regular transfer updates on the BBC's national and regional radio stations. On BBC Radio 5 live, Mark Chapman hosts a specially extended edition of 5 live Sport that will not only keep up with all the transfer news, but also bring you live commentary of Liverpool v Chelsea and all the goals as they go in from the other six Premier League matches. The show will be on the air from 19:00-23:00 GMT. You can also watch what is going on in the studio on the BBC Red Button. Chapman will be joined by former England defender Danny Mills and senior football reporter Ian Dennis, while football correspondent and former England winger Chris Waddle will be at Anfield. TV Gary Lineker hosts Match of the Day at 22:45 GMT (23:10 in Wales and Northern Ireland, 23:45 in Scotland) with highlights from all seven Premier League matches. Lineker will be joined by former England internationals Danny Murphy and Jermaine Jenas to analyse the action and all of the transfer activity. Media playback is not supported on this device Everton have spent the most by a Premier League club on a single player, paying Manchester United £24m for France midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin. But that fee is dwarfed by the £60m paid to Chelsea by Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG for Brazil attacking midfielder Oscar. At the other end of the financial scale - and in one of the most unlikely moves of this or any other transfer window - Arsenal recruited left-back Cohen Bramall from non-league Hednesford Town for £40,000. The 22-year-old was a part-time footballer who had just been made redundant from his job in a car factory before he had his trial with the Gunners. As it stands, that is the only cash paid out by the Premier League's top six, with spending mainly being done by teams trying to stay in the top flight - a trend that is likely to continue on Tuesday. Crystal Palace stumped up £12m for Leicester City left-sided utility man Jeffrey Schlupp and another £14m for Sunderland defender Patrick van Aanholt. Swansea recruited defender Martin Olsson and midfielder Tom Carroll for a combined £8.5m. Sunderland, the Premier League's bottom club, recruited Everton pair Darron Gibson and Bryan Oviedo on Monday, while second-bottom Hull have sold midfielders Jake Livermore and Robert Snodgrass to West Brom and West Ham respectively for a total in excess of £20m. For the Hammers, the money spent on Snodgrass was less than half of the fee received for Payet, the France playmaker who refused to play in order to force a return to Marseille. Who do you think is the best January signing? Use the selector below to pick from our shortlist. Once you are done download your image and share with your friends. Keep up to date with all the Premier League transfers in January as we track and profile all the players leaving or joining a club this month. This site is optimised for modern web browsers, and does not fully support your browser	Premier League spending in the January transfer window could reach a record level on deadline day on Tuesday.
The club said it was "extremely disappointed" as players had paid for 3,000 tickets to get as many as possible to the game at Sunderland on Saturday. The free tickets had been snapped up within hours, officials said. The Swans climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone last weekend with two games remaining. Boss Paul Clement said after his team's crucial 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday that it was a "shame we can't bring all the fans" to Sunderland. It is not known exactly how many tickets have been put on sale but the club said it was not more than a "few dozen". A Swansea City spokesman said some "genuine fans" had missed out on free allocation. "While we would warn supporters that there is always a risk with purchasing tickets on these sites, anyone found doing this risks having their season tickets and Jack Army membership revoked," he added.	Free tickets given to Swansea City supporters have appeared on ticket selling websites for more than Â£60.
The actor won best voice performance for his acting in BBC One's Christmas-themed film, which also won best use of sound. The Amazing World of Gumball, the children's series on Cartoon Network, also won two awards. Shaun The Sheep: The Movie won the biggest award of the night - best long form animation. The character of Shaun The Sheep started life in a television series, as part of a spin-off from the Wallace and Gromit franchise. The movie version was released last February and went on to take more than $100m (Â£69.9m) worldwide. The awards, which are held every two years, were handed out at a ceremony at London's BFI Southbank on Thursday evening. They honour British animators across a variety of categories including short films, animated graphics for film and television, children's series, music videos and commercials. Teeth, a film which follows the story of a man whose life events are chronicled through the loss of his teeth, prevailed in the short film category. Cartoon Network's The Amazing World of Gumball: The Shell picked up best children's series and the children's choice award. The best music video category was won by Manchester-based band James, who won for the video to their single Moving On. Elsewhere, the award for best TV/film graphics was won by Mattias Hoegg and Callum Cooper for their work on the Guardian Newspaper's The Power of Privacy documentary. Animated Minds: Stories of Postnatal Depression was the winner in the best commissioned documentary animation category. BAA Director, Jayne Pilling said: "It's 20 years since these awards began and we never cease to be bowled over by the sheer creativity and innovation in the British animation industry. "The incredibly difficult decisions that our panels had to make to choose the winners prove that the animation industry is in better health than it's ever been." There are also two awards handed out at the ceremony every two years to new talent in animation. This year, they were won by Katie Lenton and Sarina Nihei, who took home the awards for best undergraduate film and best postgraduate film respectively. You can see the full list of winners on the British Animation Awards website.	The Stick Man has picked up two prizes at the British Animation Awards, including one for Martin Freeman.
The Magpies currently sit third in the Championship table, having won seven of their 11 league games this season. It follows an overhaul of the squad by manager Rafael Benitez, following relegation from the Premier League. "Sometimes you get that group which have the right mentality," Colback, who joined Newcastle in June 2014, said. "All the lads are good lads, we all get on and we fight for each other. "It's the best it has been by a mile, I think it's what the club was missing." Such a turnover of players - 12 new arrivals - has freshened up the squad for a Championship promotion push and followed the exits of international players such as Moussa Sissoko, Georginio Wijnaldum and Daryl Janmaat in the summer. Matt Ritchie stepped down a league from Bournemouth for £12m, Dwight Gayle came in from Crystal Palace for a reported £10m, while Ciaran Clark and Issac Hayden are among the other signings to have impressed. "The likes of Dwight and Matt have dropped down to play at this club, at this level. It's the size of the club, the potential which brings players like that here," Colback added to BBC Newcastle. "Everyone wants to do well for each other, which is important."	Newcastle United midfielder Jack Colback says the camaraderie within the squad is the best it has been "by miles" during his time on Tyneside.
Media playback is not supported on this device Former First Minister Henry McLeish wants to hear no more excuses for failure after Scotland fell short in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign. He says the Scottish government and football bodies should together produce a radical plan to revamp the game. "We cannot have excuses every time we fail to qualify," said McLeish. Media playback is not supported on this device "That's just not good enough. "I think we can safely say that, if we were in Iceland's group, we may have done better, but let's not go too far down that road. "You cannot face every major tournament since 1998 and say 'well, hard lines, if that happened or if this had happened we might have made it'. "You get to a point after 20 years that it doesn't stand examination." Since playing in the World Cup in France in 1998, Scotland have failed to reach a major tournament nine times in a row. McLeish also says failure to qualify for Euro 2016 had nothing to do with bad luck and that things will only change if clubs stop putting themselves first. The McLeish review five years ago highlighted failings within the game in Scotland. He called for major change, including league restructuring and more investment. He believes things are moving in the right direction but has called on the SFA and the Scottish Professional Football League to make urgent changes. "Forget about more reviews - maybe this is an opportunity for the SFA and the league set-up to get together," he said. "The government should get involved too but government must be shown that the game wants to help itself. "Self interest must be ditched for the national good - which is far more important than any club or the SFA or the league." The SFA responded by stressing that it is committed to implementing McLeish's 2012 recommendations. "We are committed to working with our member clubs and bodies to improve in all areas of the national game," said a spokesman. SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster added that the league body was working with the SFA, government and others to make improvements. "In the two years since the SPFL was formed, there has been much positive change, including the introduction of Premiership play-offs, financial redistribution to assist Championship clubs, new sponsor and TV broadcast deals, increased revenues and greater fee payments to clubs," he said.	The man tasked by the Scottish Football Association to produce a review of Scottish football in 2010 is calling for a summit to discuss the way ahead.
Lizzy Idahosa, 26, was sentenced to eight years in jail in 2014 after being found guilty of trafficking. A confiscation order for £21,905 has been granted at Cardiff Crown Court under the Proceeds of Crime Act. The money must be paid back within 28 days or she faces a further nine month prison sentence being imposed. During the original trial, the jury heard the trafficked women worked in brothels - including in  Cardiff and Swansea - to repay Idahosa £50,000 for travel from Nigeria and false documents. Both victims, who could not be named for legal reasons, said that before travelling to London on the promise of a better life, they had been subjected to "juju" rituals to make them afraid of disobeying her. Idahosa was also found guilty of inciting prostitution and money laundering. Following the confiscation order, Gemma Williams, from Immigration Enforcement's Financial Investigation Unit, said:  "Idahosa was prepared to take advantage of her victims' vulnerability and desperation for her own financial gain, but her greed has not paid off. "In addition to her hefty prison sentence, she has now been ordered to pay back money she took from her victims."	A woman jailed for trafficking Nigerian women into the UK to work in the sex industry has been ordered to pay back more than £21,000.
