(CNN) -- A 15-year-old student shot and killed a teacher inside a classroom in southern Estonia on Monday, police said. There were four other students inside the classroom, but no one was injured, police spokeswoman Tuuli Harson said. Investigators are working to determine how the teen got the revolver he used, and why he opened fire, she said. "School personnel took away the gun and the boy was handed over to the police. All the students are safe. All the children have left school and are with their families," she said. "The police have checked all the floors in the building and nothing suspicious was found." Estonia Prime Minister Taavi RÃµivas described the shooting, which occurred in the town of Viljandi, as a shock for the nation. "We do not yet know the causes of this incident, but violence is never an acceptable solution. Such things should not happen," RÃµivas said in a statement. "We all have a duty to notice a person who is in need of support in struggling with his or her problems. Today's incident is a painful reminder of that." CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet and Emil Hellerud contributed to this report.	A school shooting happens in Viljandi, Estonia . Police say a 15-year-old student shot and killed a teacher . Estonia's Prime Minister describes the shooting as a shock .
By . Jonathan O'Callaghan . Tired of having to manually put a parasol up by yourself when the Sun starts shining? Netherlands-based studio Toer might have the solution to your woes with their innovative parasol that inflates itself in sunny weather. It's a product that will no doubt delight pub-goers the world over as they flood to gardens to soak up the summer. Scroll down for video . Not a cloud in the sky (almost): The parasol inflates in about 20 seconds to a diameter of two metres . On top of the parasol is a solar panel that receives sunlight. As the light lands upon it, it powers a fan that inflates the body of the parasol. Made of nylon, the surface of the 'cloud' then inflates in 20 seconds to a diameter of 6.5 feet (two metres). A silicone coating also makes it waterproof, so it won't get damaged if the sun suddenly makes way for rain. When the sun does disappear, the parasol deflates automatically or it can be turned off automatically by a switch on the pole. In might not go down as one of the most useful inventions of all time, but it will no doubt prove popular with those who want to stay out of the rays. A solar panel on top of the parasol (pictured) powers a fan inside when it detects sunlight . The parasol then automatically inflates, or it can manually be adjusted via the pole . If you haven't always got a parasol to hand, American firm Netamo has you covered. Even the most avid wearers of sunscreen have been caught out by the Sun and have got a nasty sunburn at some point. But . now their bracelet that observes a person’s habits and measures their sun . exposure could help make the painful condition a thing of the past. Connected . to a smartphone app, the ‘June’ bracelet will send an alert to a Sun . worshipper to tell them how to avoid becoming too exposed to skin . damaging rays. The . bracelet is aimed at women who want to . monitor their sun exposure and has a ‘jewel’ made up of UV sensors. It . was launched at the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas . and will be available in the second quarter of this year in the U.S. for . a price of $99. It will . connect to a smartphone app so it can tell the wearer of the bracelet . when to apply more sunscreen and put on a hat, based on personal . information that they have entered, such as their skin type. ‘Discover . when and how to protect from UV rays, avoid sun damage and prevent . premature skin ageing,’ the company says on its website.	Netherlands-based studio Toer have created the Cumulus Parasol . Shaped like the cloud of the same name, the parasol automatically inflates when the sun starts shining . The umbrella inflates in about 20 seconds to a diameter of two metres . The aerodynamic curved structure allows it to withstand windy weather .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 08:16 EST, 28 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:26 EST, 28 May 2013 . The Red Cross still hasn't spent more than a third of the $303million it raised to assist victims of the storm even seven months after Hurricane Sandy ravaged much of the East Coast. The charity organizers say that it isn’t an accident that more than $100million of the funds have been left unspent, saying that their strategy will help address needs that weren't immediately apparent in the disaster's wake. The revelations about the slow spending comes the same day as President Obama is due to meet with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for his second tour of the damaged areas since the storm hit in late October. Now: The Star Jet roller coaster, seen here on May 14, is still in the water in Seaside Heights, New Jersey as it was revealed that the Red Cross has yet to distribute more than $100million in donations . Back together: President Obama arrived in New Jersey on Tuesday morning and was greeted by Governor Christie so that the two could tour the damage . Ready to roll: Even though he has been criticized by members of his party for appearing chummy with the Democratic President, he brushed those slights aside saying he is doing what is best for his constituents . Some disaster relief experts say that's smart planning but others question whether the Red Cross should have acted with more urgency in the weeks after the storm and left long-haul recovery tasks to someone else. Storm victims could have used more help this past winter, said Kathleen McCarthy, director of the Center for the Study of Philanthropy and Civil Society at the City University of New York. 'People were cold. Homes mildewed. There wasn't enough decent housing,' she said. 'Given the lingering despair, it's hard to understand the argument that “We are setting that money aside.”' As Americans open their wallets to assist tornado victims in Oklahoma, the Red Cross is again emerging as one of the most important relief organizations on the ground and also one of the most prodigious fundraisers for victims. As of Thursday, it had raised approximately $15million in donations and pledges for the tornado response, including a $1million gift from NBA star Kevin Durant and numerous $10 donations, pledged via text. The Red Cross was also the No. 1 recipient of donations after Sandy. The organization said it still had $110million remaining from its pool of storm donations as of mid-April, which were the most recent figures available. Red Cross officials pledged that all the money in its Sandy fund will eventually be spent on the storm recovery and not diverted to other disasters or used to support general Red Cross operations. Over the next few months, the Red Cross expects to spend as much as $27million of its remaining Sandy donations on a program providing 'move-in assistance' grants of up to $10,000 to families displaced by the storm. About 2,000 households have been assisted by the program so far, with an additional 4,000 waiting for an eligibility determination. Promoting the Shore: The New Jersey government has spent millions in an advertising campaign and media onslaught in order to promote the Jersey Shore and encourage tourists to visit . Welcoming one and all: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, seen here in Ashbury Park on Sunday, has been extremely vocal in his fight to get the federal government to allocate emergency funds to the area . Part of the delay in spending, officials said, is to wait to see how the hardest-hit states allocate a $60 billion pot of federal relief dollars and address gaps in the government aid package. 'We are waiting to see where the greatest need is going to be over time,' said Josh Lockwood, CEO of the Red Cross Greater New York Region. 'We are more concerned with spending our resources wisely rather than quickly.' Some disaster relief experts said holding funds in reserve was indeed a smart move. Much of the toughest and most expensive relief work after a natural disaster comes not during the initial months but during the long-term rebuilding phase after the public's attention has waned and new donations have stopped flowing, said Patrick Rooney, associate dean at the Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy. 'It would be splashier, perhaps, to spend the money right away while the media is still there and the donors are still looking,' he said. 'But the important needs, from the cost perspective and the recipient perspective, take place after the headlines are gone and after the cameras are gone.' Red Cross officials noted that a year after a tornado killed 158 people in Joplin, Missouri, it found itself providing a new round of mental health services to survivors. Then: The damage to the entire boardwalk and town of Seaside Heights immediately after Superstorm Sandy (seen here on October 31) was widespread, but they have worked hard to make it ready for summer . Up and running: Now the boardwalk and arcades are open (seen here on May 26) in time for Memorial Day weekend as the region depends on tourism for much of its economy . Comforter-in-chief: Both Christie and Obama won praise across the aisles for their bipartisan work on the relief effort . The cholera epidemic that killed thousands of people following a massive earthquake in Haiti, where the Red Cross was also criticized for not spending donations faster, also didn't start until nearly a year after the disaster. The Red Cross says it is planning substantial grants to other nonprofit groups doing Sandy recovery work and is doing much of its current work in conjunction with charitable partners with local ties. Red Cross volunteers working in conjunction with the organizing group New York Cares are going out several days a week to muck and clean flooded homes and remove mold. Red Cross staff and caseworkers have been holding 'unmet needs roundtables' in hard-hit communities, trying to identify victims not covered by traditional aid programs. 'Our experience shows that as the recovery goes on, the needs of survivors will evolve,' said Roger Lowe, Red Cross senior vice president. 'It's important to make sure some money is available for those needs no one can predict right now.' Other organizations that raised large sums for the relief effort have also held back money while they evaluated the wisest way to spend it. The Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund, led by Mary Pat Christie, the wife of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, raised $32million after the storm but didn't begin awarding grants on a large scale until April. So far, it has given about $11million, with the biggest grants going to local organizations building or repairing housing. The United Way, which raised $9.7million in a Sandy recovery fund for New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and some parts of Pennsylvania, said it has spent about $4million of that total to date, though another $2.5million is set to go out soon. High profile: Prince Harry's visit to Seaside Heights in mid-May helped bring attention back to the area . 'We always knew, from the very beginning, that our fund and our resources would be for longer-term strategies. We feel good about the timeframe,' said United Way of New York City President Sheena Wright. That strategy of holding some cash to spend later contrasts with the approach taken by the Robin Hood Foundation, which was in charge of distributing more than $70million raised by a December 12 benefit concert by Bruce Springsteen, The Rolling Stones and other music royalty. That fund was depleted entirely by April, with grants given to 400 relief organizations ranging from food banks to legal services to volunteer rebuilding groups. Robin Hood spokeswoman Patty Smith said the foundation moved as fast as it could because it believed that delays in government aid were leaving big gaps in services. Red Cross officials say they have the ability to meet both long-term and short-term needs, noting the organization has served 17 million meals and snacks, distributed 7 million relief items, mobilized 17,000 workers and volunteers, and provided 81,000 overnight stays. Its efforts won over early critics like Staten Island Borough President James Molinaro, who assailed the Red Cross response in the days immediately after the storm but now praises it as having provided vital help. 'They've come a long way since Day One,' Molinaro said.	Charity has kept about a third of all donations, saying that they are earmarking them for longer-term problems that still may not have arisen . Comes out the same day that President Obama visits New Jersey to see the recovery process .
A tech executive is suing Craigslist after an anonymous user posted a message on the site claiming he was a serial cheater and asking readers to inform his girlfriend via a listed email address. In the post, the user allegedly accused John Goullet, 53, an executive in the IT staffing firm Diversent,  of sleeping with 'dozens of women', including some younger than his own children. Claiming to be a friend of Mr Goullet's long-term partner, Theresa Olguin, they explained how they could not inform her of her boyfriend's betrayal themselves 'because we have people in common'. Instead, they asked readers to tell Miss Olguin - and provided her email for them to do so, it is said. Tech exec: John Goullet (pictured), 53, is suing Craigslist after an anonymous user posted a message on the site claiming he was a serial cheater and asking readers to inform his girlfriend via a listed email address . 'I cannot tell her because we have people in common. She deserves to know while he is screwing dozens of women even younger than his own kids,' the user explained on the classified ads site. Following the posting - titled, 'Please tell my friend her boyfriend is cheating' - Miss Olguin allegedly received an email from a reader named Adam, accusing Mr Goullet of repeatedly cheating on her. The 49-year-old wardrobe stylist, who has been with Mr Goullet for three years, was also sent a mysterious letter at her Trump Place apartment in New York last April, the New York Post reported. According to court papers, the letter read: 'I know you have been with John for awhile. I feel you should know that I have seen him with another woman several times... It is not platonic.' Classified ads site: In the Craigslist post (file picture), the user allegedly accused Mr Goullet, an executive in the IT staffing firm Diversent, of sleeping with 'dozens of women', including some younger than his children . Mr Goullet, who lives in New Jersey, founded Info Technologies in 1994, before growing it into a $30million operation and eventually merging it with another firm to create Diversant Inc. He has denied the allegations, saying that they are false and malicious. In the lawsuit, he states Craigslist should be forced to reveal the identity of the user who posted the cheating claims. Speaking to The Post, he said: 'It’s a private matter and I don’t want any attention given to it.' Mr Goullet, a Ursinus College graduate, and Miss Olguin are believed to still be together.	John Goullet, 53, accused of cheating in anonymous post on Craigslist . Message claimed he slept with 'dozens of women' while in relationship . It also provided the email address of his girlfriend, Theresa Olguin, 49 . Miss Olguin was later contacted by readers and informed of the claims . Mr Goullet has denied allegations; couple still believed to be together .
(CNN) -- There is something magical about animal migrations. Perhaps it's the fact that as more of us move to cities (The U.N. predicts that nearly 70% of the global population will be urban dwellers by 2050), the sight of congregating herds, schools of fish, or flocks of birds is increasingly rare. Or maybe witnessing animals cross great distances to eat, mate, breed and, in essence, survive helps us to take stock of our own lives. Whatever the reason, when animals come together, very often so do humans. Here's our guide to the animal migrations that bring people out in flocks. Butterfly kingdom . Residents of Pacific Grove, California, take their butterflies very seriously. The area offers a warm micro-climate that attracts 20,000 monarch butterflies who travel up to 2,000 miles to winter in the region. In fact, the annual phenomenon has earned Pacific Grove the nickname "butterfly town". "I always hear that the monarchs are coming before I ever see one. I get emails saying, 'I saw my first monarch of the season!' Everyone wants to be the one to herald their return," says Lori Mannel, executive director of the Pacific Grove Museum of Natural History. The season sees an influx of tourists as well. During the winter months, nearly 100,000 visitors come to witness the spectacle. The last few years has seen a drastic decline in their population, a fact some credit with the degradation of milk weed -- the only flora monarchs can lay their eggs on. To help restore the population, many locals have started replanting the stuff, while the local government has instilled a $1,000 fine for disturbing a monarch. Where: California . When: October - February . Read more: World's weirdest food festivals . Run, sardine, run . The east coast of southern Africa bears witness to one of the greatest migrations of all time: the sardine run. From May through July, millions of sardines spawn in the Agulhad Bank and make their way north up the coast. The migration also attracts predators, both of the human and animal variety. Each year, thousands of locals and tourists perch with massive fishing nets to catch the unwitting fish. Joining their ranks are sharks, dolphins and gannets, who also hover nearby in the hopes of snagging an easy dinner. Where: South Africa . When: May - July . Sign of the wildebeest . While tourism isn't always a welcome phenomenon for environmentalists, there are some instances where conservation efforts are abetted by traveler interest. In the Serengeti, for instance, the tens of thousands of visitors that stream in July and August for the Great Migration (so called for the millions of wildebeests that trek from Tanzania to Kenya) actually help to ensure funding goes to conservation. "You could argue that tourism is one of the major reasons this huge ecosystem still exists today," says Craig Sholley, the vice president of philanthropy and marketing at the African Wildlife Foundation. At the peak of the migration, the banks of the Grumeti River are lined with hundreds of vehicles packed with environmental voyeurs all eager to glimpse the beasts make the life-threatening swim across the currents. Where: Tanzania and Kenya . When: July - August . Read more: World's weirdest food festivals . Crab season . Christmas Island is perhaps best known for the swarm of red crabs that pour onto the roads and beaches every winter. "It looks like someone came along and planted all these crabs overnight," explains Linda Cash, the marketing manager at Christmas Island Tourism. When the crabs come out, the atmosphere becomes positively festive, notes Cash. The roads are closed to protect the journeying numbers, and the park builds special bridges to help them cross safely. "People come down at night with their rakes, move the crabs off the road and share a beer," she says. Where: Christmas Island . When: October - November . A whale of a time . As it happens, humpback whales are a species constantly on the move. This is good news for tourists, who have a plethora of choice for where and when they'd like to engage in whale watching activities. In the summer months, Colombia's Pacific Coast becomes a hotbed for roughly 3,000 of the journeying mammals, who use the warm waters as their mating grounds. Australia makes another popular spot to glimpse the majestic creatures, who hug the coast from July onwards. The whales can travel over 5,000 miles, and often, savvy businesses set up cruises and watch towers to help visitors get a peek. Where: Colombia and Australia . When: July - October (Colombia), June - November (Australia)	Animals migrate to breed, feed, mate, and various other essentials to survival. Sometimes, migrations attract predators, as with the sardine run in South Africa. Some communities, like in Pacific Grove, California, impose fines on anyone disrupting the local fauna. Locals on Christmas Island kickback with a beer during the annual crab migration.
Tampa, Florida (CNN)  -- Dianne McLeod recalls her husband, Stanley, getting so visibly upset when the debt collectors called that she had to take the phone away from him. She believes constant harassing phone calls and other tactics eventually killed him. "I think they were a major contributor to his death because of the stress and what I saw it doing to him," she said. McLeod is suing her mortgage company, Green Tree Servicing, for the wrongful death of her husband. McLeod said she thinks he would be alive if not for the stress caused by Green Tree's debt collectors. She said they sometimes called up to 10 times a day and also called the McLeods' neighbors. "He would begin to sweat; he would also get very red in the face and complain about chest pains," McLeod said. "We were worried he was gonna have a heart attack right there on the phone." Stanley McLeod had a heart condition and in 2002 was airlifted to a hospital after a second heart attack. He went on disability and Dianne McLeod says they fell behind about three months on their mortgage payments. This is a message left on the their home answering machine, allegedly by a male Green Tree representative: . "Stanley McLeod, you need to call Green Tree and get your act together and make your payments on your mortgage and quit playing these games. "Why don't you have that helicopter pick you up and bring that payment to the office?" It's a phone call the McLeod family will never forget. "It was so inhumane to talk to someone like that and to take an event that was traumatizing to him and to make a jest out of it," McLeod said. Stanley McLeod died of heart failure in 2005. "The collection activity did not lead to his death. The claim is meritless," said Senior Vice President and General Counsel Brian Corey of Green Tree Servicing. "We deny that the content, the number or the timing of the calls had anything to do with him dying in 2005," Corey said. Debt collection is regulated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which forbids harassing consumers. Companies can be fined $16,000 per incident. This year, as the economy plunged, consumer complaints shot up. More than 45,000 complaints had been received by the FTC through the end of June, up about 20 percent over last year. The Association of Credit and Collection Professionals represents about 5,500 companies in the industry. "The vast majority are very ethical, caring individuals who look for resolution to problems," said Adam Peterman, the organization's director of federal government affairs. "A bad apple can spoil the bunch too often, so we have to keep pushing that rock up the hill to help prevent that," he said. Billy Howard is an attorney who runs the Consumer Protection Division for Morgan & Morgan. Howard represents McLeod and has about 500 similar cases against companies who use what he called "Tony Soprano tactics," a reference to the fictional organized crime leader who was the central character in the HBO drama "The Sopranos." "I think it's frightening because these companies go after people and they utilize tactics people just don't know are illegal," Howard said. "Scare tactics work. They've worked for years. That's how the mafia made so much money. That's how these mafia-like tactics result in so much money. People are scared," he said. Howard says one of his other clients had this message waiting on the answering machine: . "You're a piece of s---. That's why you turned your phone off. Mother f-----. But that's OK. "You haven't heard the last of me. But if it takes me a year or takes me two, believe me, I will find you. You better move. But if you move, you better move to California, 'cause I do travel. And I like traveling. Goodbye." And then there was this one: . "When I see you. I'm gonna f--- you up. I want my money, and I want it now. I hate people who lie to me and abuse my company. ... If you bring my money back, you don't have to worry about me, just disregard my message." The FTC said it receives more complaints about debt collectors than any other industry. Complaints are also filed directly with attorneys general in all 50 states, which can open state investigations. Of the 45,000 complaints received by the FTC in 2009, the agency opened one investigation. According to FTC officials, their primary role is to be a backstop to lawsuits brought by consumers, which is the primary way to fight the alleged abuse. "We don't have the manpower to individually investigate all of the complaints," said Tom Pahl of the FTC's division of financial practices. "We try to target the worst actors," he said. The FTC urges consumers with complaints to report them to their state attorney general, to the FTC and to consider filing suit against the company they believe is harassing them. Anna Inglett is president and CEO of PHG Financial Recovery Services in Tampa, Florida. "Those companies that do that will eventually put their own selves out of business. ... We want them gone. We want them all gone," she said. But she also said debt collection is an important part of the economy. "If we did not have debt collectors that helped businesses get the money that's owed to them, then who voluntarily would pay any bills?" she said. McLeod said she remembers the endless phone calls at all hours of the day and night. "They did not seem to care. ...They didn't care what they said or how many times they called," she said. The trial is scheduled to begin in January.	Dianne McLeod says debt collecting tactics contributed to her husband's death . The couple fell behind in their mortgage payments after her husband went on disability . The mortgage company calls claim "meritless"
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:38 EST, 11 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:57 EST, 11 September 2013 . The perp: Charles Phillip Wilson, 47, was arrested for breaking into a stranger's home and masturbating on her bed . A 47-year-old man was arrested after he was caught masturbating in a stranger's Southeast Portland, Oregon, home on Monday. According to police, the victim came home in the afternoon only to walk in on the perpetrator, Charles Phillip Wilson, pleasuring himself in her bedroom. Michelle Leeper said when she walked into the house, in the 2500 block of Southeast Pine Street, she noticed a few things were different from the way she left them. 'I just started putting my groceries away . and I went to walk to the bathroom. 'And I . noticed my bedroom door was closed, and it wasn’t when I left,' Leeper told Koin 6 News. She said she threw the door open and found a man lying on his back in her bed — half-naked. Indecent exposure: Charles Phillip Wilson, 47, was arrested after being caught pleasuring himself in Michelle Leeper's bedroom in South Portland. The victim: Michelle Leeper (right) went grocery shopping and came home to find a man lying on her bed half-naked . Scene of the crime: The shocking incident happened at Michelle Leeper's home in Southeast Portland, Oregon, on Monday. Shaken: Michelle Leeper (left) talks to a neighbour after her South Portland home was broken into while she was out shopping . 'I kind of froze and I asked him what he . was doing here, like in not-so-pleasant words,' Leeper said. 'He told me . to be quiet and I said “I’m getting the neighbor and I’m calling the . cops”.' Leeper called 911 at about 1.37pm, according to Sgt. Pete Simpson, a Portland Police Bureau spokesman. Mr Wilson fled the scene but was later found hiding in a neighbour’s garden, Sgt Simpson told the Oregonian. Sgt Simpson said Wilson likely got into the house through an open or unlocked sliding door. Wilson was booked into the Multnomah County Jail on criminal trespass and private indecency charges.	Charles Phillip Wilson was discovered by Michelle Leeper who walked in on him while he was lying half-naked on her bed . The incident happened at around 1.30pm on Monday . Mr Wilson was arrested and charged with criminal trespassing and private indecency .
The murderer of a mother-of-five stabbed to death while tending to her horses may have followed her for miles to the paddock where she was found, police said today. Penelope ‘Pennie’ Davis, 47, was discovered by her husband Pete . in a field last Tuesday in the New Forest near Beaulieu. Today police revealed they were looking for anyone seen acting suspiciously around the Sainsbury's branch where she worked in Blackfield, Hampshire, between 1pm and 3pm on the day she died. Scroll down for video . Death: Penelope Davis was found stabbed multiple times in a field near Beaulieu, Hampshire, last Tuesday . Investigation: The mother-of-five was tending to two of her horses when she was stabbed to death in daylight . Probing the incident: Specialist forensics police officers have carried out fingertip searches of the field . Detectives tonight arrested a man on suspicion of murder. The 36-year-old man was arrested in Southampton at 7.50pm and remains in police custody. A 22-year-old man . arrested on suspicion of murder and a 37-year-old man arrested on . suspicion of assisting an offender have both been released on police . bail pending further inquiries. Detective Superintendent Paul Barton, of Hampshire Police, . said: 'It’s been a week since Pennie was murdered and in that time we’ve . made significant progress with more than 200 officers and staff working . on the investigation. 'Since the start of the appeal we’ve received more than 230 messages from the public. 'Pennie had recently started renting out the field but not many people were aware of that. 'One . of our lines of inquiry therefore is the possibility she was followed . from Blackfield Sainsbury’s, where she’d been working that morning, to . the paddock by Leygreen Farm.' The farm was near the village of Beauleiu, which is four miles from the branch of Sainsbury's where the mother-of-five worked. Today . Mrs Davis' family spoke of how they will never know ‘how scared and how . alone she must have felt' as a £5,000 reward was issued for finding her . killer. Mr Davis and the . couple’s children, Sophie, 20, Alex, 19, Georgia, 18, Daniel, 14, and . Josef, 13, said the last week since the supermarket worker died of stab . wounds had been ‘long’ and ‘agonising’. Tributes: Family and friends left cards and flowers near the spot where the supermarket worker was killed . Tough time: Mrs Davis's husband, Pete (blue shirt), was emotional as he left a bouquet of flowers by the field . The family said in a statement: ‘We . had no idea how many lives she had touched, as we have been overwhelmed . by love and support. Despite this, the void in our hearts only continues . to grow. The police have . made progress, but there is still much more to be done. We only hope . that no other family should ever have to go through the ordeal that we . are currently facing. ‘No . other person deserves to ever have to go the way our poor mum and wife . did. We will never begin to understand how scared and how alone she must . have felt. ‘This is why we . are pleading for anybody with any information to come forward. Even if . you think it won’t make a difference, it might just be the call we were . waiting for.’ Following her . death, Mr Davis, their children and Mrs Davis’s parents visited the . paddock, leaving flowers with messages from each member of the family. Sadness: The victim's parents and her children have also visited the paddock to leave tributes to Mrs Davis . Location: Mrs Davis was found by her husband in a field just yards from Leygreen Farm, in the New Forest . Taking care: Police have also increased patrols in the area to offer reassurance to residents . Searching: Police were seen wading through a river next to the field in Hampshire as they looked for a weapon . Her . daughter Georgia left a note saying: 'Dearest mum, you were a goddess. I . swear I'll make you proud. I like to think you're sitting there, . watching on a cloud. You had so much more to give. ‘You . had so much more to do. But now I'll be your legacy. I'll do it all for . you. You climbed the highest mountains, you walked the longest plains, . you'll never be forgotten. Forever in our hearts. I love you to the moon . and back.' 'No other person deserves to ever have to go the way our poor mum and wife did. We will never begin to understand how scared and how alone she must have felt' Family of Penelope Davis . Crimestoppers offered a . £5,000 reward today for information leading to the arrest and conviction of . the people, or person, responsible for Mrs Davis’s brutal murder. Julia . Hughes, Regional Manager for Crimestoppers, said: 'We urgently need to . find whoever it is that committed this horrendous crime. 'Pennie’s family is totally bereft and need answers. We . would urge anyone with information to contact us anonymously, safe in . the knowledge that their identity will not be revealed.' Forensic officers have carried out fingertip searches of the . field and police have increased local patrols to offer reassurance to . residents.	Penelope Davis, 47, was found in field in Beaulieu, Hampshire, on Tuesday . She may have been followed for miles from Sainsbury's where she worked . Family: 'We'll never know how scared and how alone she must have felt' Husband and children say the last week has been 'long' and 'agonising' Two men aged 22 & 37 arrested over incident have been released on bail . Crimestoppers offer £5,000 reward for information leading to killer's arrest .
(CNN) -- A campaign rally for Ecuador's president turned deadly Monday night when a man stabbed and killed two people, state media reported. At least four others were injured at the event that President Rafael Correa was expected to arrive at moments later, the state news agency ANDES said. ANDES posted a video showing a man apparently stabbing victims at random in a crowd of more than 100 people in the northern province of Esmeraldas. Some in the crowd tried to stop the attacker, but he ran away. Correa called the attack against his supporters from the Alianza Pais movement a tragedy. Interior Minister Jose Serrano said a suspect has been detained. "The national police proceeded to capture the suspect of these events. (But) we can not say, absolutely, that the person who is detained at this moment is the author of the unfortunate event," Serrano told reporters. On his Twitter account, the president described the video as "really chilling." He sent a message of "solidarity to the families of the victims." ANDES reported that the president suspended "all political acts" and returned to the city of Esmeraldas. Correa is seeking re-election in the next presidential vote, expected to take place February 17.	Two people are dead and four others injured at a rally for the president . President Rafael Correa was expected to arrive moments later . A video shows a man seemingly stabbing people at random . Interior Minister Jose Serrano says a man has been detained .
Joan, 66, met Phil, 28 on Facebook after her saw her in the newspaper . Her late husband encouraged her to enhance her breasts from an A to an F cup . By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 11:16 EST, 16 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:44 EST, 16 July 2012 . When great-grandmother Joan Lloyd swapped her bus pass for a boob job in November 2010, spending £4,250 to go from an A to an F cup, she not only changed her looks. She changed her life when she landed herself a sexy new toy boy. Joan, 66, has found love with Phil Absolom, who, at 28, is 38 years her junior, and she's moved him into the home she used to share with late hubby David, who died in 2010. Joan, 66, has found love with Phil Absolom, who, at 28, is 38 years her junior . Last year she promised her dying husband that she would get a boob job and 'go further' in life after he passed away. Speaking to Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford on This Morning she said: 'He mentioned it and starting to laugh about it and I said "Oh I can't do that" but he said "promise me."' The mother of four's boobs started to sag after she had given birth so she took the plunge and had the operation. Joan's late husband made her promise him that she would undergo the surgery . And it was after that that her and Phil's paths crossed, but they didn't meet in a conventional way. Phil said: 'I met Jane through Facebook, it was a mistake, I was looking for a Weatherspoon chain because I was going away and then I saw Jane. 'I had done some research because of the papers she had been in and I thought I would say "Hello, how are you doing?" and wish her good luck and then Jane responded to me. Despite their age difference, the couple seemed happy and relaxed in each others company on the show . 'It took about three weeks, and I was going to give up in the end.' 'I had seen people being crude because obviously everyone sees Jane's busts before her personality, an then we started talking on the phone and it escalated from there.' But Phil had stiff competition as Jane had received nearly 600 messages from men as young as eighteen interested in her. Jane instantly fell for Phil's personality, she said: 'We have such good fun and when I first saw him, when he came to stay with me in the hotel before I came on the show, he came through the lobby and I thought "oh wow, that's just for me. You know I am going to have him, he is gorgeous" The 66-yeard-old has received a mass of attention since she hit the headlines with her boob job . The pair love doing ordinary things like cooking together and playing monopoly . 'My legs were like jelly when I saw him.' Jane takes her fitness very seriously and Phil joked that many people find it difficult to keep up with her in life. The couple laughed and joked on the show and explained how they enjoy cooking together and playing monopoly together. Although Phil has received some negativity towards his relationship with Jane, he said: 'I think to myself, I could be with someone my own age but unhappy and it could fall apart.' The pair don't have issues with the generational gap: 'We have to give and take' said Phil. When asked what her late husband David would say if he was looking down on her, Jane replied: 'He would say "good on you girl, good on you. This is what I wanted you to do."'	Joan, 66, met Phil, 28 on Facebook after her saw her in the newspaper . Her late husband encouraged her to enhance her breasts from an A to an F cup .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:26 EST, 11 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:34 EST, 11 April 2013 . A man deliberately cut his arms with saws in the aisles of a Home Depot store in suburban Los Angeles Wednesday, creating a gruesome scene in front of several horrified customers. The man was in the store's tool section and went unnoticed until he began grabbing several small saws, including one meant to cut sheet rock, and started using them on his arms. ‘He cut both arms with hand saws down to the bone,’ said West Covina police Cpl. Rudy Lopez. Bloody scene: A man in his 40s walked into this Home Depot store on Azusa Avenue in West Covina and proceeded to cut his arms with hand saws . Officers received several 911 calls and arrived to find the man lying unconscious in the aisle in a pool of blood. An off-duty paramedic from the Pasadena Fire Department had been shopping nearby, and with help from police collected twine and rags from store shelves and put makeshift tourniquets on both arms, a move Lopez said probably saved the man's life. Police received a 911 call at around 12.20pm from the home improvement store on Azusa Avenue in West Covina about a man who has injured himself. Witnesses say the man picked up several hand saws and started cutting his arms. 'He just began sawing away,' Lopez told KTLA. 'He was pretty much intent on doing what he did.' The off-duty paramedic and officers who arrived on the scene helped stop the heavy blood flow. Nightmare scenario: The victim (not pictured) grabbed several small saws and used them to cut his limbs to the bone before collapsing in a pool of blood . The man was taken to Queen of the Valley Medical Center where he underwent surgery. As of Wednesday night, no information has been released on his condition. The unnamed man, who looked to be in his 40s, was carrying no identification, has been unable to answer questions, and was not heard saying anything in the store, so police do not know why he cut himself, Lopez said. Police interviewed about five people who said they saw what happened, and Lopez said there were likely many more who quickly left the disturbing scene. ‘It was pretty graphic,’ he said. The West Covina home improvement business remained closed for the rest of the day after the gruesome incident.	Unnamed man in his 40s walked into Home Depot in West Covina, Calif., and started cutting his arms with hand saws . Off-duty paramedic on the scene helped stopped the heavy blood flow .
(CNN)You log on to a website and place a rush order. Minutes later, your order is processed and boxed at a warehouse. Within an hour, a speck appears on the horizon. It's an unmanned aerial vehicle -- commonly called a UAV or a drone -- and it's coming to deliver your order right to your front door. It sounds like science fiction, but it's reality -- in fact, it happened this month in China, where e-commerce giant Alibaba launched a limited pilot program using UAVs to deliver to customers who ordered a specific brand of tea. No one can say for sure whether drone delivery of consumer goods will become anything close to common. But it should concern every American when other nations are on the cutting edge of new technology and the United States is lagging behind. Drone technology is literally taking off all across the world. Foreign governments have quickly embraced its potential and have passed safety rules allowing a diverse array of commercial users to operate UAVs. Alibaba experimenting with drones for delivery is just one high-profile example of UAVs' possibility. Already, UAVs are used to help increase crop yields on farms and to inspect wind turbines, power lines and offshore drill flares. The possible applications for UAVs in the future seem constrained only by the limits of human creativity. But the United States has fallen behind in the race to explore where this new technology can take us. A big reason why is that we have been slow to adopt rules of the road for drones to address the understandable concerns some have over how best to guarantee safety and protect privacy. Indeed, safety and privacy are paramount and must be addressed in a comprehensive manner. Yet while other countries acted quickly to do so -- in some instances, years ago -- the commercial use of drones in the United States has remained illegal with the exception of a small handful of commercial users who have successfully filed for waivers at the Federal Aviation Administration. At long last, this weekend, the FAA announced a proposed regulatory framework that would permit the commercial use of UAVs. Additionally, the Obama administration released a presidential memorandum outlining rules of the road for drone privacy. I'm pleased they have finally acted with these initial steps. Unfortunately, they are long overdue, and the pace of rule setting is inhibiting America's competitiveness in the UAV technology race. For us to remain globally competitive, there's not a moment to spare: The FAA should fast-track the approval of these safety regulations and privacy protections. Until then, we'll diminish our ability to develop a potential economic driver -- and develop applications that could change the way we look at and solve some big problems. Imagine a firefighter using a UAV to gain a bird's-eye view of emergencies and use that new perspective to contain flames better. Or officials using a UAV to increase the efficiency of search and rescue operations for missing persons. Or American-made UAVs enabling the delivery of supplies such as medicine to remote, impoverished villages in the developing world, better enabling us to track and prevent diseases such as tuberculosis and Ebola. For people in every corner of our rapidly changing planet, new technology is a powerful tool for economic empowerment and social mobility. Whether it's a UAV or something yet unimagined, emerging technologies are transforming the way the world works in the 21st century, providing businesses, individuals and governments with potentially game-changing opportunities. America should embrace opportunities such as these, not sit on the sidelines as other countries reap the benefits of pro-innovation policies. As technology advances rapidly, government must pick up the pace and catch up. If we don't, the United States risks forfeiting our position as the world's technology leader.	Sen. Cory Booker: Drone technology is literally taking off all across the world . America should embrace the opportunities, Booker says .
By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 17:31 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 00:28 EST, 8 March 2014 . A man whose scalp resembled the surface of a brain has had life-changing surgery to make it smooth. Kassim Robinson, 30, of Summit, suffered from a rare medical condition that caused the skin on his scalp to thicken and bunch together in folds that looked like a brain – two recent surgeries made the problem disappear. Robinson told ABC News the pain caused by cutis verticis gyrate was intense, and the disorder forced him to wear his hair in dreadlocks or with a flat top since being diagnosed in high school. Before and after: The surface of Kassim Robinson's head resembled that of a brain (left) before surgeries to smooth it out (right . 'I always had a lot of skin on my head, Robinson told ABC. ‘I went to the barber and he said, ‘Wow, there’s a lot of wrinkles on your head.’ His scalp was four times thicker than average and rose about an inch from his skull, doctor Ramtin Kassir told ABC. ‘It was really debilitating, both cosmetically and functionally,’ Kassir said of the disorder he solved with two surgeries. The two procedures, each two hours in length, involved removing giant swaths of skin and stretch the scalp to cover the open space, he told the network. There is no other known cure for the malady, and, among the small number of people stricken with CVG, men outnumber women five to one, according to a 2001 study. ‘I’d never done this before’ he explained, adding he had only seen it in medical textbooks, ‘but [Robinson] insisted.’ In the four weeks since the second surgery, Robinson has a new lease on life. ‘It’s perfect,’ he told ABC, ‘no more dreadlocks, no more ‘fros, no more flat tops.’ Also, more importantly, no more pain, he said, adding ‘I’m so happy.’	Kassim Robinson suffers from a rare condition called cutis verticis gyrate . CVG causes the scalp to thicken and fold over to look like the surface of the brain . Two surgeries have made his scalp much smoother, and made the pain caused by CVG all but disappear .
By . Tamara Cohen . PUBLISHED: . 10:58 EST, 12 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:21 EST, 12 April 2012 . Lying in crumpled heaps, severed body parts strewn nearby, this is the terrible toll of the ivory trade on a once-thriving herd of elephants. Thirty-five carcasses of the majestic gentle giants were found mutilated in a single attack by poachers at a popular safari destination in Cameroon. The heart-breaking sight was captured by a photographer last month - 20 years after the global ivory trade was officially banned to protect Africa's herds. In the aftermath of the slaughter at Bouba N'djida National Park, a terrified young elephant was seen cowering around his mother's corpse – the only living elephant the photographer saw in the park for a whole week. Brutal: The shapeless and lifeless bodies of these once beautiful elephants are shown strewn across the national park having all been murdered . Disgusting: This poor animal's trunk has been removed and discarded once its ivory has been taken . Local activists say 400 elephants may . have been killed in this park alone since the beginning of the year – . almost its total population according to the World Wildlife Fund. This region of the country did contain . Africa's largest population of savannah elephants. There are thought to . be less than 5,000 elephants left in the whole country. Cameroon is one of a number of African . countries whose elephants are at risk of extinction due to a spike in . organised gangs of poachers targeting them for their tusks. Hacked apart with most of their faces . missing, they took chainsaws to the animals heads to reach the valuable . ivory which sells for up to £10,000 for a large tusk – leaving a severed . trunk nearby. Poachers are often poor locals, but in . this case they were a horseback-riding gang carrying machine guns, . thought to have travelled 1,000 miles from Sudan across Central Africa . and Chad to reach this site. Photographer Jean-Francois Lagrot, who . works for a local NGO fighting wildlife crime, captured these scenes in . early March, at great personal risk after the site was sealed off by . soldiers. While Cameroon authorities are now . trying to police the park, campaigners fear it may be too little too . late to save the once-numerous herds. Shock: In spite of a worldwide ivory ban the slaughter of wild elephants for money by poachers carries on . Haul: The photographer discovers piles of tusks all taken by killing elephants illegally . He said: 'There is a spike in poaching . all over Africa, it is terrible at the moment. These are the sort of . poachers you do not mess with. They are on horseback and have weapons. 'They bribe local villagers with the . elephant meat so they don't tell the authorities and the result is more . and more slaughtering of elephants. 'Journalists were kept away from the . slaughter and they did not allow a census of all the dead elephants . because of the negative image for Cameroon.' In his view, backed up by the World . Wildlife Fund which works in the country, the reason for the spike is . clear – relentless demand for ivory from the Far East and particularly . China. With its peoples' rising personal . wealth and a taste for intricately-carved ivory jewellery and crockery, . hundreds of tonnes is making its way to their shores. Mr Lagrot said elite army units were . sent to the Park to secure the protected area and push the poachers out, . but while they made them take flight, none were caught and one the army . drivers was said to have been shot. He said: 'Witnesses heard 63 shots . from the camp during six long minutes of shooting. There were 35 dead at . this site, and another 10 elephants a couple of kilometres away. They . packed the tusks in maize bags. 'They didn't catch them and the . horsemen were seen riding North towards Waza National Park [nearby] and . asking villagers about the corridor for elephants.' Solemn: A bystander sits surrounded by bodies in the elephant graveyard . A Panorama investigation screened last . night found the global trade in ivory is at its worst since records . after the 1989 ban, with incidents of elephant slaughter also on the . rise in Kenya, Tanzania and Congo. Hauls of elephant tusks found at ports . in Africa and Asia reached 24 tonnes last year, double the figure for . 2010. The seizures equate to around 2,500 dead elephants in 2011 alone – . and that's only the ones they found. In Samburu in northern Kenya, where . numbers of elephants have plummeted by a quarter in three years, camera . crews were shown the carcass of a dead female elephant who was pregnant, . and the remains of her unborn calf. Reporters in Hong Kong found ivory . being carved by craftsmen and much of it sold without the official . paperwork required to show it has been legally sourced. Rise: A new BBC investigation found elephant numbers in Kenya had dropped due to illegal killing . Many critics blame CITES the . international treaty which banned the global ivory trade, for a recent . decision to allow African countries to sell stockpiled of ivory they had . seized which may have driven up demand. Dr. Allard Blom, managing director of . WWF's Congo Basin program said the situation in Cameroon was 'the worst . poaching massacre that I can recall in the decades we have worked to . save elephants in Africa'. 'Poaching is escalating because of a . growing demand for ivory from Asia and if we fail to take immediate . action in the face of such plunder, then much of Africa's elephants . could disappear forever to satisfy human greed', he said.	Photographer who found the bodies fears up to 1,000 could be dead in the Boubandjida National Park, Cameroon .
By . Chris Greenwood, Crime Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:56 EST, 6 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:56 EST, 6 October 2013 . Up to one in four organised criminals targeting Britain is from overseas, according to a damning Government assessment. Ministers believe they include at least 7,400 so-called ‘high-harm’  foreign offenders linked to violence, drug-dealing and fraud. They want to redouble efforts to throw foreign criminals out of the country under measures that will see immigration officers at every police station. Home Secretary Theresa May will today announce plans to expand a London scheme nationwide to eject thousands more crooks from Britain. Crackdown: Officers of the newly formed National Crime Agency, which launches today nationwide . Officials will identify and process foreign suspects as soon as they are arrested, checking whether they are wanted abroad or are here illegally. Where there is evidence, foreign criminals will be prosecuted, deported and banned from returning for a decade. Computer records of suspected serious offenders will be marked with a ‘red flag’ to prevent them applying for British nationality while they go through the courts. New powers will also be used to force criminals to conduct appeals from abroad to prevent them using human rights laws to remain in the UK. The crackdown comes as the National Crime Agency (NCA), described as Britain’s FBI, is launched today. The £450million agency will be made up of a 5,000-strong force with sweeping powers to hunt down cyber-criminals, drug barons, paedophile gangs and people-traffickers. Its director-general, Keith Bristow, said he wanted criminals  to ‘fear’ his staff and for the ‘bottom to drop out of their world’ when they realise they are being targeted. He pledged to untangle unregulated areas of the internet used by criminals and bring to justice those behind the country’s biggest and most dangerous conspiracies. The agency will use high-tech digital tools and CCTV cameras with face-recognition software to track criminals with greater accuracy and at lower risk. Home Secretary Theresa May, pictured on The Andrew Marr Show on Sunday, launches the scheme today . It will also operate an intelligence hub to map and analyse information from every police force, other Government departments and MI5 and MI6. An official analysis of Britain’s criminal underworld due to be published today will say there are more than 5,500 ‘active’ organised crime groups in the country. They are made up of a loose-knit and changing group of around 37,000 offenders, of which up to a quarter are foreign. A successful crackdown on foreign criminals in London led to around 1,000 people being deported in the past 18 months. Officials estimate the total cost of organised crime is £24billion a year, with at least a further £2billion cost from cyber-crime. Such is the threat from cyber-crime that a new computer emergency response team is being set up to protect businesses. Known as GovCertUK, it will be led by officials from GCHQ, the Government’s eavesdropping agency. NCA officials believe that almost 1,400 of the 5,500 organised crime groups commit economic crime, such as ‘pension liberation fraud’ in which victims are persuaded to hand over their pensions by conmen posing as financial advisers.	The National Crime Agency (NCA), Britain's FBI, launches today . The £450million force is made up of 5,000 officers to hunt down cyber criminals, drug barons, paedophile gangs and people-traffickers . It is part of Theresa May's pledge to eject thousands of crooks from the UK .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Thousands of people have converged in the center of London for the first major protest ahead of next week's G-20 summit. Up to 20,000 people are expected to join Saturday's protests in London. Despite fears of violence in coming days that have prompted a major security operation in the British capital, Saturday's demonstration has so far been peaceful. As many as 20,000 people were expected at the Put People First march, organized by trade unions but backed by some 120 other groups including environmentalists, church groups, and political campaigners. Authorities are bracing for possible violence as anti-capitalist and environmental protesters to converge on the Bank of England next Wednesday -- April 1 -- for a "mass street party" dubbed "Financial Fools Day." Protesters gathering on Saturday were calling for jobs, fair distribution of wealth, and a low-carbon future. They carried banners and posters reading "Climate Emergency," "Gaza: End the Blockade," "Planet Before Profit," "We Won't Pay for Their Crisis," and "Jobs not Bombs." Some groups turned out to march in bright-colored rain ponchos or hard hats. The day began with a church service in central London. The Salvation Army, which helped organize the service, said it was a "perfect opportunity to ask the G-20 to consider the world's most vulnerable people." Those at the service sang "We are blessed to bless a world in pieces." They asked for freedom from debt and justice to profit, the Salvation Army said. After gathering along the Thames River and marching along its banks, marchers moved past Trafalgar Square to Hyde Park for a mass rally in the afternoon. Speakers at the rally include trade union bosses, environmentalists, and global justice campaigners, along with musicians and a comedian, according to march organizers. Jake Corn, from Cambridge, told the UK's Press Association he was taking part to show support for a more sustainable future. "We feel this is an important moment with the G-20 coming here," Corn said. "We want to get our message across to as many people as possible."  Watch scenes from march, interviews with protesters » . Italian trade unionist Nicoli Nicolosi told PA he had travelled from Rome to take part. He said: "We are here to try and make a better world and protest against the G-20." The G-20 summit next Thursday brings together leaders and financial chiefs from the top 20 industrialized and emerging economies, along with leaders from non-G-20 nations. Hundreds of other officials will also be there, including the heads of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.	20,000 people expected at Put People First march ahead of G-20 summit . Police say protest expected to be peaceful . Authorities have warned of unprecedented demonstrations in week ahead .
By . Jonny Singer . Follow @@Jonny_Singer . Tottenham will not be making significant additions to their squad this summer as Mauricio Pochettino puts his faith in last season's expensive flops. Pochettino will stick with the players who cost the club over £100million last year, but failed to qualify for the Champions League. In an interview with The Sun, the Spurs boss stressed that he believes the current squad is good enough to move the club forward, once they get to grips with his attacking philosophy. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Spurs players try American football with the Seattle Seahawks . Status quo: Pochettino does not intend to change much this summer in terms of personnel . Flashpoint: Spurs played their first game under their new boss on Saturday, a fiery 3-3 draw in Seattle . Faith: The likes of Erik Lamela, in action against Seattle on Saturday, will be given a chance to shine . 'I think we have a very good squad already,' said Pochettino. 'Of course we always want to improve and it is possible we will add to the squad. But there will not be many changes. 'Last summer the club made a big overhaul and I believe in these players.' The Argentine manager also insisted that expensive signings were no guarantee of success - something his new club learned the hard way last summer - and promised to avoid 'mistakes' in the transfer window. 'We are always looking to build - but without making mistakes - so you should not expect big changes.' Philosophy: The former Southampton boss admitted it will take time for the players to adapt to his style . Try again: Roberto Soldado (right) scored just one league goal from open play last year after a £26m move . Spurs finished sixth last season, 10 points behind North London rivals in the fourth Champions League spot, as neither Andre Villas-Boas nor Tim Sherwood were able to get the best out of signings like Erik Lamela and Roberto Soldado. But Pochettino promised to change the way the team plays, bringing in the exciting football that won him plaudits at Southampton. '[The philosophy] will be to play exciting pressing, attacking football. Template: Pochettino was successful at Southampton with a young team playing attacking football . 'At the moment we are only in the starting position, where we are trying to put this concept across to the squad. But we are very happy with the players and how that is going.'	Spurs manager insists 'there will not be many changes' Pochettino backs last season's expensive signings to perform . Club will play 'exciting pressing, attacking football' But it may take time for the players to adapt to new philosophy .
By . Luke Garratt . PUBLISHED: . 12:02 EST, 13 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:53 EST, 13 March 2014 . A young couple were found dead in their car from carbon monoxide poisoning only one week before they were due to go on a romantic Bahamas couples cruise. Brittany Holland, 25, and her boyfriend Casey Senechal, 26, died of carbon monoxide poisoning in the town of Lebanon, Connecticut. The pair were found unresponsive in their parked, but running, vehicle, and according to police, they were not victims of any form of foul play. Connecticut couple Brittany Holland, left, and Casey Senechal, right, found dead in car due to carbon monoxide poisoning . Because of the evidence, the police have ruled the deaths has been ruled an accident. Holland and Senechal both worked at the Union Street Market, and had only recently started dating. Hollandâ€™s grandfather Bernard Bombardier told the Daily News: 'They were very much in love. 'Her and her boyfriend were out in the car, parked. 'I guess there was an exhaust leak.' It is still unclear how the deadly colorless and odorless gas seeped into their vehicle. Holland and Senechal, who had been dating for the past six months, were due to set sail to the Bahamas next week. Holland posted a photo on her Facebook of the trip itinerary on March 2 with the caption 'Beyond excited!' According to her grandfather, Holland was studying at Three Rivers Community College and was an aspiring nurse. He said: 'She was a beautiful, kind, loving person. 'She was always happy. Always smiling.' The couple's mutual friend Charlene Couchon was due to take the cruise with the new couple, but now the voyage will be a solo expedition. She said: 'Eight days and I still have to go without her. 'It's going to be a very bittersweet situation. I'm going to be extremely depressed and going to try to have as much fun as I can because we had so much planned for that trip.'	They had planned to set off from Manhattan next week . The couple from Connecticut had only started dating six months ago . Couple was found dead in their still-running car from monoxide poisoning . It is unclear how the deadly gas seeped into to car . Their mutual friend is still going to go on the cruise that they had planned .
Atlanta (CNN) -- Republican presidential hopeful Herman Cain told supporters Saturday that he is suspending his presidential campaign, which has become hobbled in recent weeks by allegations of sexual harassment and an Atlanta woman's claim that they carried on a 13-year affair. While he will still be able to raise and spend campaign funds because he did not officially drop out, Cain's White House bid is effectively over. Cain said he came to the decision after assessing the impact that the allegations were having on his wife, his family and his supporters. Cain and his wife, Gloria, held hands as they walked up to the podium where Cain made his remarks in Atlanta. The crowd chanted, "Gloria! Gloria!" before the candidate spoke. Even as he stepped aside under the weight of the allegations that have dogged him, Cain said that he was at "peace with my God" and "peace with my wife." He repeatedly called the allegations "false and untrue," and added that "the (media) spin hurts." "I am not going to be silenced and I will not go away," Cain said, announcing what he called his Plan B: A website, TheCainSolutions.com, through which he will continue to advocate for his platform. His catchy "9-9-9" economic plan is not going anywhere, he said. "Your support has been unwavering and undying," Cain told his supporters. He will endorse another of the Republican presidential hopefuls soon, he said. Other candidates were quick to react. "Herman Cain provided an important voice to this process," Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann said in a statement. "His ideas and energy generated tremendous enthusiasm for the conservative movement at a time it was so desperately needed to restore confidence in our country." Fellow Georgian Newt Gingrich said the "9-9-9" plan "got our country talking about the critical issue of how to reform our tax code and he elevated the dialogue of the Republican presidential primary in the process." Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he knew the Cains made a "difficult decision. He helped invigorate conservative voters and our nation with a discussion of major tax reform." Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said Cain brought "a unique and valuable voice to the debate over how to reform our country's uncompetitive tax code and turn around the economy. I understand his decision and wish him and his family the best." Recently, Cain acknowledged that Ginger White's allegations of an affair have led to a drop in campaign contributions, and a Des Moines Register poll showed his support among likely Republican Iowa caucus-goers has fallen to 8%, down from 23% in October. The poll has a sampling error of plus or minus 4.9 points, the newspaper said. Respondents said they were most concerned that Cain does not understand important issues, but said the allegations against him contribute to their concern, the newspaper said. This week, White told the news media that she and Cain engaged in an on-and-off affair for more than 13 years. She described the affair as "very casual." White issued a statement, through her attorney, after Cain's announcement Saturday. "Ginger White respects Mr. Cain's decision regarding his campaign and indeed would have respected any decision he made," the statement said. "That being said, she is disappointed that he has not apologized for the public statements he has made about her and other women who have spoken out." In a fund-raising letter Tuesday night, Cain referred to White as "troubled." Two women -- Sharon Bialek and Karen Kraushaar -- previously accused Cain of sexually harassing them in the 1990s while he was head of the National Restaurant Association. Two other women also have said Cain sexually harassed them while they worked at the association, but they have declined to be identified. Cain told the Union Leader in New Hampshire that he repeatedly gave White money to help her with "month-to-month bills and expenses." But he denied the relationship was sexual, as White contends. He said the two were friends. "I send checks to a lot of people; I help a lot of people," Cain told Fox News on Thursday. "That in itself is not proof. So the other allegation in terms of it being a 13-year physical relationship, that is her words against my word." In the interview, Cain said his wife, knew nothing about White nor his financial support for her until the mother of two came forward last week. "My wife now knows," he told the newspaper. "My wife and I have talked about it, and I have explained it to her. My wife understands that I'm a soft-hearted, giving person." Cain's announcement came a month before the Iowa caucuses, the first formal test of the primary season, scheduled for January 3. New Hampshire Republican officials who supported Cain began to survey their options Saturday, with several state representatives saying their support could go to Gingrich or Ron Paul. Cain's most prominent supporter in the state, former GOP state party chair Jack Kimball, said he would wait to learn who Cain would endorse before making his own decision. Cain told staffers earlier this week he was reassessing his campaign in the wake of White's allegation of an affair, and he acknowledged to reporters Wednesday that her account had led to a drop in contributions to his campaign. He said in the Thursday Union Leader interview that his wife's feelings, as well as the reaction from supporters and donors, would be important factors in deciding whether he will stay the race. Cain told the newspaper he would drop out of the race if his wife asked him to, but quickly added that she wouldn't. Though Gloria Cain rarely makes public appearances or statements, she told Fox News last month that she believed the sexual harassment allegations were "unfounded." CNN's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report.	NEW: Woman who alleges an affair with Cain wants an apology . Cain will endorse another candidate soon . Cain's Iowa support fell to single digits, the Des Moines Register reports . Candidate was dogged by allegations of sexual harassment and an affair .
By . Ted Thornhill . A helpless horse was pulled from a raging river after a gruelling two hour fight for survival. The 500lb wild filly was spotted struggling to stay upright in strong currents after getting trapped by boulders in Trout Creek in Summerland, British Columbia. Theresa Nolet, 59, from Ontario, Canada, captured the amazing rescue on camera as volunteers, fire fighters and police officers attempted to pull the horse out of the cold water. Scroll down for video . In trouble: The horse was spotted struggling to stay upright in a fast flowing river in British Columbia . Helping hands: Rescuers tie a rope around the horse's neck . Theresa Nolet, 59, from Ontario, Canada, captured the amazing rescue on camera as volunteers, fire fighters and police officers attempted to pull the horse out of the cold water . Theresa said: ‘It was a heart-stopper, that's for sure - seeing her slip out of the rope and slide down the river. ‘Just as we would get the rope around her, she would slip right out again.’ It took rescuers four attempts before successfully getting a rope around the horse's neck, allowing them to steadily bring her closer to shore. Tricky operation: It took several attempts to get the rope around the horse's neck . Boulders in the water prevented the horse from climbing up onto land . Neigh trouble: A rescuer guides the horse out of the water . Calming measures: Rescuers placed a blanket over the horse's head . Success: The horse was eventually pull onto the river bank, where it lay down with exhaustion . But boulders in the water prevented the horse from climbing up onto land. Theresa said: ‘The fire fighters moved some of the boulders that stood in her way, and then we laid plywood down to make it easier for her to slide out of the water.’ The horse was eventually guided out of the water, and covered with blankets to warm up. Caring: Rescuers wrapped the horse in a blanket after its ordeal to keep it warm . The horse, later named Rivers, is now living with a foster family in Summerland. Theresa, a gemologist, also runs O.A.T.S Horse Rescue with two other women. She said: ‘We are not a registered charity, we do what we can when we can. ‘We're trying to resolve the issue of feral horses in the area.’	The wild filly was spotted in strong currents in Trout Creek, British Columbia . It was struggling to stay upright so fire fighters and police were called . It took rescuers four attempts to get a rope around its neck to pull it out . O.A.T.S Horse Rescue is accepting donations for the horse's care via Paypal at bullterrier@shaw.ca .
A pregnant Texas woman has been stabbed multiple times by an intruder as her horrified soldier husband serving overseas helplessly watched the attack play out in real time on video chat. Rachel Poole, 31, was talking to her husband, Justin Pele Poole, on FaceTime Wednesday night when a man identified as 19-year-old Corey Moss broke into their El Paso home and lunged at her with a knife. According to an arrest affidavit obtained by KFOX14, Mrs Poole recognized her assailant as a man who owed her husband money and screamed out his name. Horror show: Rachel Poole (left), who is nine months pregnant, was stabbed multiple times by an intruder in her home as her husband Justin (right), who is deployed overseas, watched in horror on video chat . Ambush: El Paso police say Moss went to the Pooles' home in the 9400 block of Wichita Circle, broken in and waited for Rachel to come home . The 31-year-old mother-to-be, who is nine months pregnant, was rushed to University Medical Center in critical condition suffering from multiple stab wounds and fractures to her body and face. Doctors said her unborn baby girl, who is due in a week, was in good condition. The couple plan to name her Isabella. According to police, the wounded victim was able to call 911 and give the name of the suspect to police. Meanwhile, Justin Poole called the 19-year-old's co-workers, who helped apprehend Moss and seized the knife allegedly used in the attack. Suspect: Cory Bernard Moss, 19, allegedly admitted to the knife attack, which was reportedly sparked by a money dispute . Following his arrest, police said Moss admitted to stabbing Rachel Poole . The teenager has been charged with criminal attempted capital murder and was ordered held on $60,000 bond. Neighbors told KFOX14 they that Moss owed the Pooles money for car repairs because he had borrowed a vehicle from them and wrecked it. According to El Paso police, Moss, a soldier attached to Fort Bliss, went to the Pooles' home in the 9400 block of Wichita Circle to talk to Rachel about the money he owed her husband. The woman wasn't home, so the 19-year-old allegedly forced his way into the house and lay in ambush, waiting for Mrs Poole to return. When Poole came home, she opened the Apple video chat program FaceTime on her phone and began talking to her husband, who is stationed in southwest Asia. Joy and sorrow: Mr Poole (top right) wrote that their unborn baby girl (bottom right) is doing fine, but his wife (left) had lost an eye . A short time later, police say Moss came out of hiding and surprised Rachel Poole from behind, repeatedly stabbing her with a foldout stainless steel knife and beating her. According to the affidavit, the victim instantly recognized Moss as her husband's debtor and yelled out his name several times so Justin could hear it over the phone. Following the attack, police say Moss fled and called a co-worker to pick him up and drive him to Fort Bliss. Meanwhile, Justin Pele Poole called Moss' colleagues to alert them of the suspect’s imminent return to the military base. The 19-year-old's co-workers intercepted him and found the knife in the car where he was riding. Fort Bliss spokesman Joe Buccino said that Army Pvt Poole has been deployed in southwest Asia for the past nine months, HLN-TV reported. Long distance: Army Pvt Pele Poole, pictured left and right with his wife, has spent the past nine months serving in southwest Asia . He is scheduled to arrive home in El Paso sometime today, and is not likely to be sent back to his overseas posting in the wake of the attack on his wife. On Wednesday, a furious Justin Pele Poole took to his Facebook page to express his anger with the situation, writing in part: 'I promised to give my life for this freedom not the other way around. I failed her but never again.’ This afternoon, the soldier wrote on his page that he had the 'hardest conversation' of his life with his wounded wife over the phone. According to Poole, Rachel told him that she had lost an eye in the attack and asked him if it was a 'deal breaker' for him. ‘My wife is my wife til I'm no longer breathing,’ the serviceman wrote. ‘No man can change that and though I was not here to protect her this time it will never happen again that's my word.’	Soldier Corey Moss, 19, was arrested in Fort Bliss, Texas, in the knife attack on 31-year-old Rachel Poole . Mrs Poole suffered critical injuries just a week before delivering her baby, who is said to be in good condition . Woman recognized her assailant during attack as a man who owed her husband money for car repairs . Army Pvt Justin Pele Poole watched the attack on video chat from his posting in southwest Asia . Mr Poole wrote on Facebook that his wife had lost an eye in the attack .
By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 10:35 EST, 4 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:36 EST, 4 June 2013 . Back in court: Former Army captain Brian Witty, 42, is accused of raping three women who came forward after hearing he had been convicted of other rapes . A notorious serial rapist who was jailed last year has denied the rape of three other women who came forward after his highly-publicised trial. Former Territorial Army captain Brian Witty, 42, is accused of raping the women when they were all 19 year-old students. One of his alleged victims claims he raped her and then left with a smug look on his face as though something funny had happened. Prosecutor Edmund Gritt told Kingston Crown Court: 'They describe him as somebody who is charming, confident on the verge of arrogance, violent and takes sex by force, using his physical strength if he is refused.' The jury were told City banker Witty, who served in the Parachute Regiment, had previously been convicted at the same court of three rapes and one sexual assault of four victims last year. They were told the media coverage of the trial prompted three new alleged victims to come forward after years of silence. Witty, of Twickenham Road, Teddington, has pleaded not guilty to raping the women. He is accused of raping one of the complainants, who is now a 43 year-old dentist, at her Liverpool University hall of residence room in September or October in 1989. Witty is alleged to have raped the second victim, now a 35 year-old nurse, at a Hull address in in December, 1997. The third alleged victim, who is now a doctor aged 35, claims she was raped by Witty at his former Kensington flat in the early hours of New Year's Day in 1998. Historical: The City financier is accused of raping the women when they were 19-year-old students . The court heard Witty knew the first . woman, who he met at Hull College of Further Education where she was . retaking her A-levels, and became angry when she stood him up in . Liverpool where she had moved to study dentistry. 'Her first impression was that he was charming, fun and engaging, but also cocky and very confident,' explained Mr Gritt. 'She soon discovered that Mr. Witty's personality had a different side that was intimidating, jealous and violent.' A witness once saw Witty twisting the student's arm until she said sorry to him for a joke he was offended by. The court heard he also beat her and parked outside her family's home in Hull to intimidate them. After she moved to Liverpool he tracked her down and turned up at her lodgings. 'She was terrified, he held the door . open, punched her and forced her back into the room,' said Mr Gritt. 'He . punched her repeatedly all over and she curled herself into a ball to . protect herself. Notorious rapist: Brian Witty, who served in the Parachute Regiment and is pictured in his Army uniform, was convicted of three rapes and one sexual assault at Kingston Crown Court last year . Previous: The court was told Witty had committed a rape before the alleged offences he is currently being tried for - and was 'confident' after being released by police without charge . 'He sat on top of her, holding her down, and at one point put his hands around her neck. 'He pulled down her lower clothing and raped her. He was very strong and she was very frightened. 'Afterwards he started punching her again and she began screaming. The defendant continued shouting and hitting her and was enraged that she did not meet up with him.' She was left with a bleeding eye and lip and with bruising to her face and body, but only told people Witty had beaten her up. The jury were told the second victim . was staying overnight on a living-room sofa at an address in Hull where . Witty and a couple were also staying at. Violent: The court heard Brian Witty initially came across as charming but then became jealous and violent . 'There in the small hours she was woken . by this defendant, pulling her to the floor and he held her down and put . his hand over her mouth,' said Mr Gritt. 'He was much stronger and she was frozen with fear and this defendant then raped her. 'He said nothing, but simply looked smug and he stood up with a smirk on his face as if something funny had just happened.' Again the victim did not report the rape and the jury were reminded Witty had raped before this date and was 'confident' after being released without charge when arrested and questioned by police. Days later, Witty was celebrating the new year in London and agreed to look after a medical student, who was attending Guy's and St Thomas's Hospital, and could not get back home to Romford, Essex. 'Her friend fatefully introduced her to Mr Witty as somebody who would look after her and eliminate the risk of her getting raped on the way home. 'The defendant reassured her that he did not have any ulterior motive, but sex was all that was on his mind and she thought he was the perfect gentleman.' The jury were told his Kensington flat had been the scene of a previous rape where Witty had again attacked a lone female once he got her inside. 'He pushed her face-down on the bed, holding her arms above her, spread her legs and raped her,' said Mr Gritt. 'She was shocked and scared and did not know what to do.' The young woman told her tutor, doctor and friends about the rape and they noticed bruising to both her arms, the court heard, but again the police were not informed. Like the other two complainants, she only went to the police after learning of Witty's convictions. The trial continues. Trial: Brian Witty, of Twickenham Road, Teddington, has denied all the charges at Kingston Crown Court . Court case: The trial at Kingston Crown Court, pictured, is expected to continue for a further three weeks . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.	Brian Witty, 42, was convicted of three rapes and a sexual assault last year . The former Territorial Army captain is now accused of raping three more women who came forward after reading about the court case .
(CNN) -- The former Massachusetts state chemist who has admitted to wrongdoing during her nine-year employment with the Department of Public Health also misled her employers when applying for the job, the department said. Annie Dookhan, who lied and said she had a master's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts, was hired in 2003 as a Chemist I and was reclassified as a Chemist II in 2005, the health department said. "While neither of the positions she held required a master's degree, it is now clear that she intentionally misled the department about her education during the course of her employment," the statement said. Massachusetts authorities will review of 1,140 people who are serving prison sentences after being convicted with evidence at least partly provided by Dookhan, whose work with criminal evidence is under investigation, according to the attorney appointed by the Massachusetts governor to lead the Department of Public Health drug lab review. Chemist in Boston lab scandal handled 50,000 drug samples . Dookhan has admitted to wrongdoing, but Gov. Deval Patick's office said it cannot reveal any more details about her confession during the ongoing investigation. She faces possible criminal charges pending an investigation by the Attorney General's Office. A preliminary investigation looked into every case Dookhan may have touched from 2003 until she left in March, Terrel Harris, communications director for the Executive Office of Public Safety and Security, said Tuesday. It is possible she touched 60,000 samples that were involved in 34,000 drug cases. State Police and the Attorney General's office are working together to investigate each case Dookhan was involved with during her nine years with the state lab, said Kim Haberlin, the governor's press secretary. Patrick appointed David Meier, a defense attorney and former prosecutor, to run the "central office," which is a clearinghouse for all the information connected to the 34,000 cases touched by Dookhan, Haberlin said Tuesday. Meier will collect the information to give to prosecutors and defense attorneys involved with each case. "That's not to say their convictions were improper or wrong," Haberlin said. On Monday, Meier presented a list of 690 people serving sentences in state prisons and 450 who are imprisoned in county jails whose trials were potentially tainted by the mishandling of drug evidence. According to a letter from Meier to Worcester County District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr., 22 of those individuals may also be facing deportation or related immigration proceedings as a result of the outcome of their trial. David Traub, spokesperson for the Norfolk District Attorney, compared the Massachusetts judicial system to a computer destroyed by a virus. In many cases, the drug charges were clustered with others. Each case will have to be deconstructed and sentences will have to be redefined according to the results of the investigation for those in prison first, and then those who have already served their time, he said. "The layers of mess cannot be overstated." The Norfolk District Attorney's Office supports those incarcerated who are trying to get out on bail until the investigation is finished, he said. "We don't get to argue that someone should stay in jail if the evidence is tainted against them." Those who are in jail on other charges, such as gun possession, will not be let out, though, he said. State police were tipped off in July by Dookhan's co-workers at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory in Jamaica Plain that Dookhan's work might be unreliable, Harris said. At the time, state police were taking over what had previously been a Department of Public Health drug laboratory, which certified random drug tests for the police departments in Norfolk, Suffolk, Middlesex and Bristol counties, as well as for Cape Cod and the islands. The takeover was part of the Fiscal Year 2013 budget. "When they were getting ready to take over the lab, they learned through conversations with other employees who were afraid to verify the work of their colleague," Harris said. Dookhan was no longer an employee of the laboratory at the time, having left in March. Patrick ordered the lab to be shut on August 30 after the extent of Dookhan's mishandlings were realized, a representative from his office said. Dr. Linda Han, director of the Bureau of Laboratory Sciences, resigned as a result of the investigation, while Julie Nassif, director of the analytical chemistry division, was fired. Dookhan's immediate supervisor, who has not been identified, faces disciplinary proceedings, and the governor's office said it is seeking termination there as well. CNN's Chris Boyette contributed to this story.	Annie Dookhan's work on criminal evidence is being investigated . The chemist's actions call into question hundreds of convictions . Officials say she lied about having a master's degree when she was hired .
(CNN)More Chris Pratt equals even more awesome. The "Guardians of the Galaxy" star appears in an adorable fan "pop culture mashup" You Tube video of two of his projects, "Parks and Recreation" and the upcoming "Jurassic World." Scenes with Pratt's "Parks" character Andy Dwyer are spliced into the trailer for his new film, in which he plays Owen, a member of the staff at the Jurassic World theme park. The loveable and goofy Dwyer announces that he can serve "Security. Sweets. Body Man. Javelin, if need be," and Owen warns that a hybrid, genetically modified dinosaur is highly intelligent and has the ability to "kill anything that moves." The video, posted by Thanks Mom Productions, is not the best editing job in the world, but who cares when it means double the Chris Pratt? "Jurassic World" will be released June 12.	The video combines his "Parks and Recreation," "Jurassic World" characters . The "Jurassic Park" sequel will be released in June .
By . Laura Collins . PUBLISHED: . 09:46 EST, 13 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 19:10 EST, 13 January 2014 . The housekeeper at the center of the Indian diplomat scandal today revealed her devastation on learning that her former boss has fled the U.S. and may escape prosecution. Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, Sangeeta Richard said: 'I stood up for my rights as a worker and I only wish that Defendant Khobragade would stand up in court and address the charges against her.' She continued: 'I am so disappointed to learn that Defendant Khobragade has left the United States.' Khobragade was charged by a federal grand jury in Manhattan with visa fraud and making false statements in a case that has triggered outcry both in the States and in India. Exploited: Sangeeta Richard wants to see her former boss prosecuted in the U.S. and is bitterly disappointed that Devyani Khobragade was granted diplomatic immunity allowing her to leave the country last week . Devyani Khobragade was charged with visa fraud and making false statements. She faces prosecution if she returns to the States and has expressed her fear that she may never live with her husband and two daughters - who remain in New York - as family again. The Indian consulate official left the country on Friday as she was granted full diplomatic immunity just hours after the charges were filed in court. On Sunday she spoke to the Indian press and revealed the 'immense stress' she had experienced on leaving her husband, a university academic, and daughters age seven and four in New York. They are all U.S. citizens. Faced with prosecution should she return to the States, Khobragade said: 'I wonder if I will ever be able to reunite with my family, my husband, my little kids. I miss them. 'What if my children choose to study and work in the U.S.? What if I can never return to the U.S? Does it mean we will never be able to live together as a family again?' Judge Shira Scheindlin granted Khobragade permission to leave the country at a hearing in Manhattan federal court last Thursday. Speaking at the time her lawyer Daniel Arshack said, 'She is pleased to be returning to her . country. Her head is held high. She knows . she has done no wrong.' But in her own impassioned statement to MailOnline her former housekeeper Richard revealed her bitter disappointment at the turn of events. She told of her desire to serve as as inspiration to others and revealed how her own desire to return to India had been denied. Devyani Khobragade was arrested last . month after being accused of lying on a visa application for her . housekeeper and paying her only $3 per hour . She said: ‘I would like to tell other domestic . workers who are suffering as I did – you have rights and do not let . anyone exploit you.' She also told of the hopes with which she had arrived in the country in the first place. ‘When I decided to come to the United States my hope was to work . for a few years to support my family and then return to India,' said Richard. ‘I . never thought that things would get so bad here, that I would work so . much that I did not have time to sleep or eat or have time to myself. ‘Because of this treatment, I requested that I return to India but that request was denied.’ She went on: ‘I would like to express my appreciation to everyone who has supported me through this process.’ In the dock: An artist's sketch of Devyani Khobragade at her arraignment in Manhattan Federal Court in December . Protesters in the eastern Indian city of Bhubaneswar, burn an effigy of Barack Obama during the international fall-out of Dr Khobragade's domestic dispute . Richard . has been supported by Safe Horizon, a victim support agency that . promotes justice for victims of crime and abuse in many forms including . human trafficking. Avaloy Lanning, Senior . Director of the Anti-Trafficking Program at Safe Horizon applauded the . steps taken by the U.S. Attorney’s Office of the Southern District of New . York for indicting Khobragade on charges of visa fraud and making . false statements in connection with Richard. She welcomed the move as a demonstration of how seriously the U.S. government treats labor exploitation. She . said: ‘I hope this case sends a clear message to diplomats and consular . officials that the U.S. will not tolerate the exploitation of workers and . marks the beginning of an increase in prosecution of these cases.’ According to Safe Horizon, Richard's is not an isolated case but one that is ‘tragically common.’ Devyani Khobragade was accused of fraudulently obtaining a work visa for her New York City housekeeper. The . grand jury indictment said Khobragade had made multiple false representations . to U.S. authorities, or caused them to be made, to obtain a visa for a . personal domestic worker. She planned to bring the worker to the . United States in September 2012 when she worked at the Consulate General . of India in New York, according to the indictment. But in a letter to the judge, prosecutors said there was no need for an . arraignment because Khobragade had 'very recently' been given diplomatic . immunity status and left the United States on Thursday. The . letter said the charges will remain pending until she can be brought to . court to face them, either through a waiver of immunity or her return . to the U.S. without immunity status. 'We . will alert the court promptly if we learn that the defendant returns to . the United States in a non-immune capacity, at which time the . government will proceed to prosecute this case and prove the charges in . the indictment,' the letter from the office of U.S. Attorney Preet . Bharara said. A group supporting domestic workers' rights demonstrate across the street from the Indian Consulate General on December 20 in New York . Khobragade has maintained her . innocence to the accusations that she claimed to pay her Indian maid $4,500 . per month but actually gave her far less than the U.S. minimum wage. Her . arrest last month sparked outrage in India after revelations that she . was strip-searched and thrown in a cell with other criminal defendants . before being released on $250,000 bail. In an . unusual statement last month, U.S. Attorney Bharara responded to . what he described as misinformation and factual inaccuracy in the case . by saying Khobragade was accused of creating false documents and lying . to the U.S. government about what she was doing, including hiring a . housekeeper who was working far more than the 40 hours per week she was . contracted to work. He also . questioned why there was ‘precious little outrage’ about the treatment . of the Indian housekeeper and her husband while there was so much about . the alleged treatment of Khobragade. He . said his office's sole motivation was to uphold the law, protect . victims and hold lawbreakers accountable, ‘no matter what their societal . status and no matter how powerful, rich or connected they are'. These . developments came as it was revealed that a lawsuit filed months ago on . behalf of the housekeeper alleged poor working conditions. Philip Richard, Ms Richard's husband, filed a petition at the High Court in New Delhi in . July saying that his wife was being worked from 6am to 11pm every day. Mr Richard also said the consular . official's father Uttam Khobragade had threatened Mrs Richard's family . saying that he would have them abducted and framed on false drug . charges. In the petition, first seen by Outlookindia.com, . a concerned Mr Richard wrote: 'The treatment of Sangeeta by Devyani . Khobragade is tantamount to keeping a person in slavery-like conditions . or keeping a person in bondage.' The . petition also stated: 'Uttam Khobragade called Sangeeta's family . several times and threatened them that they would have to face dire . consequences if she complains and that he would ruin their future, get . them abducted and frame false charges of drugs against them.' Mr . Richard also wrote that Khobragade had accused his wife of stealing in . front of a U.S. immigration officer but would not provide details of . what the woman took. Mrs Richard's daughter Jennifer also . wrote a letter to U.S. officials saying that her mother was unhappy and . wanted to return to India but the diplomat refused to let her go. Mr Richard's claim was dismissed in July, according to his lawyer, . because the high court claimed 'no jurisdiction on a crime committed on . foreign soil'.	Sangeeta Richard spoke to MailOnline as diplomat Devyani Khobragade revealed her own 'immense stress' to an Indian newspaper . Khobragade faces trial on two criminal charges if she returns to the U.S. Her husband, a U.S. citizen, and daughters - age seven and four - remain in New York . Devyani Khobragade is charged with visa fraud and making false statements in a case that has triggered an outcry in India . Victim support agency Safe Horizon say cases like Richard's are 'tragically common' Khobragade was given diplomatic immunity and left the country last week . She was arrested last month and charged with submitting false documents to obtain a work visa for her New York City housekeeper .
By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . A miniscule copy of the Bible which has travelled to the Moon is expected to sell for £35,000. The tiny book, one of only a few objects to go into space twice, was sent into orbit with Apollo 13 in 1970. When the mission went wrong and the trip to the Moon was aborted, the astronauts may have used the Bible to pray. It was recovered when they splashed down in the Pacific. The tiny book, one of only a few objects to go into space twice, was sent into orbit with Apollo 13 in 1970 . The lunar Bible, which can only be read . by microscope, was sent back up the following year with Apollo 14, . finally landing on the Moon among the personal belongings of astronaut . Edgar Mitchell. The Bible was one of 512 made by the Apollo Prayer League, a group of Christians with ties to the US space programme. They were first produced in the wake of the Apollo 1 disaster, in which three astronauts were killed when a fire broke out on-board during a launch rehearsal. It had been the dream of one of the astronauts, Ed White, to take a Bible into space, so the Apollo Prayer League took on the challenge in his memory. They used microform technology to shrink the Bible's 1,245 pages to just 1.5 inches which could then be read under a microscope. Bibles were sent up with the Apollo 12 and 13 missions but both attempts to land on the Moon were thwarted. After two failed attempts, the Apollo Prayer League, led by Reverend John Stout, finally succeeded in 1971 with Apollo 14. Lunar module operator Mitchell stowed 100 bibles among a small bag of belongings that he took on the successful moon landing on February 5, 1971. The Bible was one of 512 made by the Apollo Prayer League, a group of Christians with ties to the US space programme . The Bible for sale is one of only 12 lunar Bibles verified by Mitchell and comes with a certificate of authenticity. It is tipped to fetch £35,000 when it goes under the hammer in Dallas on Wednesday. Michael Riley, a historian at Heritage Auctions, said: 'The lunar Bible was invented by the Apollo Prayer League, a group of people in Houston led by Reverend John Stout who prayed for the astronauts. 'Using microform technology they were able to shrink a full copy of the Bible to a size small enough to be transported to space with an astronaut. 'The idea behind it was simply to take God's words to the moon. 'For the Apollo 14 flight 300 lunar Bibles were sent, and this particular one was among the 100 stowed in Edgsar Mitchell's personal preference kit when he landed on the moon. 'This copy has an unbroken line of provenance, having been given by John Stout to his brother James, and it has been certified by them both, as well as by Edgar Mitchell. 'This Bible is one of the few objects ever to go into space twice, which makes it a real rarity. 'Collectors go crazy for memorabilia from the Apollo 13 mission on its own but this Bible then went back to space with Apollo 14. 'That makes it a pretty special item.' It goes under the hammer at auction in Dallas on Wednesday.	The miniscule copy of the Bible was sent to orbit with Apollo 13 in 1970 . It was recovered from the Pacific before being sent again with Apollo 14 . It is now expected to fetch £35,000 when it is auctioned in Dallas next week .
By . Nick Enoch . PUBLISHED: . 07:02 EST, 24 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:22 EST, 24 July 2013 . A rider performs a handstand on his bike seat in mid-air, while a different sort of rider is caught on camera just after taking a tumble from her horse. These are just some of the dramatic images entered into a prestigious sports photography contest. The shot of Olivia Holloway and her horse Sailor Buoy falling over won the Society of International Sport and Leisure Photographers Sporting Moments competition. This picture of Olivia Holloway and her horse Sailor Buoy falling over during one-day eventing at the Intermediate Cross Country at Cholmondeley Castle in Cheshire won the Society of International Sport and Leisure Photographers Sporting Moments competition. It was taken by Roger Evans . The runner-up picture was a surfer at a man-made surfing centre in Al-Ain, Abu Dhabi - taken by Anthony Austria from the Philippines . Among the highly commended was this image of a member of the Freestyle Motocross team doing a handstand on his bike seat mid-air. Photographer Doreen Bracken took the picture at an Armed Forces Day at the 30 Signals Regiment, Gamecock Barracks, in Nuneaton, Warwickshire . It was taken by Roger Evans at the Intermediate Cross Country at Cholmondeley Castle in Cheshire. Despite how the picture looks, neither horse nor rider was injured. Mr Evans, from Shropshire, said: 'It's a photograph of "one-day eventing" - like three-day eventing as seen in the Olympics, but condensed into one day. 'The riders start with dressage, then showjumping, then finish with a cross country. 'All these competitions are run under the auspices of British Eventing. Horse and rider were OK. Personally I wouldn't publicise an image where either got badly injured. 'It's rare that riders fall, but on this particular day, a number had difficulties. The general consensus as to why this happened was that the top rail of the fence was merging with the background, so some horses only saw the rail below it and got tipped up and unseated their riders. Also highly commended were James Gunn from Halkirk, Caithness for his picture of Welsh full back Leigh Halfpenny going over his own line after just getting to the ball first to prevent Sean Lamont of Scotland scoring a try during a Six Nations game at Murrayfield . Jon Williams was highly commended for this image of Team GB snowboarder Jamie Barrow enjoying some off-piste powder in Val Thorens, France . 'Lessons are always learned when this happens and the next time it is run, the fence will have been changed.' The runner-up picture was a surfer at a man-made surfing centre in Al-Ain, Abu Dhabi by Anthony Austria from the Philippines. He said: 'It may be man-made but it's a great place for surfers - that's why I often called my photo "Desert Surfing". 'For me, it was really hard to capture the moment because I wanted it to be like in a real beach so I look for the perfect background.' Third place went to Kevin Rook from Kent for his picture of a bike racer at Frittenden District Grass Track, in Tunbridge Wells . Third place went to Kevin Rook from Kent for his picture of a bike racer at Frittenden District Grass Track, in Tunbridge Wells. He said: 'To me, the image shows all the action going on in a grass track race frozen in the moment.' Among the highly commended was this image of a member of the Freestyle Motocross team doing a handstand on his bike seat mid-air. Photographer Doreen Bracken took the picture at an Armed Forces Day at the 30 Signals Regiment, Gamecock Barracks, in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. Also highly commended were James Gunn from Halkirk, Caithness for his picture of Welsh full back Leigh Halfpenny going over his own line after just getting to the ball first to prevent Sean Lamont of Scotland scoring a try during a Six Nations game at Murrayfield. And another highly commended shot by Jon Williams shows Team GB snowboarder Jamie Barrow enjoying some off-piste powder in Val Thorens, France. Competition organiser Ben Jones said: 'The Society of International Sport and Leisure Photographers members covers a wide variety of sports, which include ball games to equestrian events and include such diversity as motor sports to athletics. 'Whatever the sport or the occasion, members who may be full-time professionals or aspiring photographers cover the event. 'The winning image was chosen because of the superbly caught moment of when the rider came unseated.'	Images entered into Society of International Sport and Leisure Photographers Sporting Moments competition .
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- President Barack Obama made an unannounced visit Friday to Afghanistan, where he delivered holiday greetings to U.S. troops stationed there and promised continued full support in the war against Taliban and other extremists. The president, who stayed for almost four hours before heading back to Washington, addressed nearly 3,900 troops at Bagram Airfield. Most of the troops were with the Army's 101st Airborne Division, though components of all the service branches were represented. "I wanted to make sure that I could spend a little time this holiday with the finest fighting force the world has ever known," he told the enthusiastic audience. "On behalf of more than 300 million Americans, we are here to say thank you." The president praised the troops for what he characterized as recent military gains in the nine-year conflict. Our coalition "is strong and is growing," he said. "You're going on the offense (We're) tired of playing defense." Obama visited a hospital on the base, where he met with five wounded soldiers and three wounded civilian contractors, reporters traveling with the president said. He awarded five Purple Hearts and met with the surviving members of a platoon that lost six comrades earlier in the week. Obama had originally planned to travel to Kabul to meet with President Hamid Karzai and greet U.S. Embassy staffers, but stayed at Bagram because of poor weather. He did, however, speak to Karzai for 15 minutes via secure videoconference. The president later huddled with National Security Adviser Tom Donilon, Ambassador Karl Eikenberry, and Gen. David Petraeus, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan. It was unclear whether U.S. concerns with the Karzai government publicized this week by the website WikiLeaks were discussed. Two of the cables paint an unflattering portrait of President Karzai's half brother, Ahmed Wali Karzai, who has been accused of dealing drugs. Prior to the latest WikiLeaks disclosures, Petraeus met with the Afghan president in an effort to ease tensions. Karzai had told the Washington Post he would like to scale back the U.S. military presence in his nation, and criticized the military presence as "intrusive" while calling Special Operations raids a problem. In response, Petraeus told Karzai aides that the president's view could make his relationship with the United States "untenable." A major U.S. military review of the war in Afghanistan is due this month, a year after Obama ordered additional U.S. troops to the country as part of a strategy that could bring some forces home as soon as July 2011. Officials have said the goal is to end combat operations in Afghanistan in 2014. Friday's trip was Obama's second to Afghanistan since he became commander-in-chief. He visited Afghanistan in 2008 as a presidential candidate.	NEW: Obama visit to Afghanistan lasts nearly four hours . NEW: "We're tired of playing defense," he says . President awards five Purple Hearts . He speaks via videoconference with Karzai for 15 minutes .
London, England (CNN) -- Every week, Global Connections chooses two countries and asks you to find connections between them. Once again, thanks to all of you who took the time to post a comment on the Global Connections blog. Here are some of the connections that you found between Sweden and Malaysia, as well as some other highlights. We started the week by speaking to Craig Glenday , editor-in-chief of the Guinness Book of World Records. He told CNN's Becky Anderson that both countries share a passion for LAN (Local Area Network) parties -- playing computer games over a local network. And both countries are record breakers in this regard. Sweden holds the world record for the largest (11,000 people) LAN party, while Malaysia holds the record for the longest (around 40 hours). Khairol Idham sent an iReport saying that Malaysians love heavy metal bands  from Sweden. And lead vocalist with Swedish death metal band, Arch Enemy, Angela Gossow got in touch to say that the feeling is mutual. "We love Malaysia and the fans there," she said, and looks forward to touring the country in 2011. Continuing the musical theme, CNN spoke to two of Sweden's biggest music acts of recent years. Pop princess Robyn said she was proud to be Swedish. Jose Gonzalez also gave Global Connections an insight into his upbringing in Gothenburg and his many musical influences. "Ahmad Rithaudin Md Noor" and "Jonny" contacted the blog and Kai Xun Hong sent an iReport to say that many people in Malaysia love the Swedish furniture store IKEA . Mei Mei Yap from Malaysia has created the brilliant "IKEA Hacker" blog, which features great ideas for how to customize your IKEA furniture. If you want to make speakers from salad bowls, or make a hamster run from a BILLY bookcase click here. "Shamsul," "Barbara," "Elizabeth" and "Andrew" all correctly pointed out that Malaysia and Sweden are home to some of the world's most beautiful island groups. Malaysia is part of the Malay Archipelago and Sweden has tens of thousands of islands -- 24,000 in the Stockholm Archipelago alone. "Helena Svensson" and  "cyee" correctly pointed out that both countries have monarchies. CNN's Becky Anderson found out that the connections run a bit deeper, when she spoke to Malaysian royal , Tunku Naquiyuddin and former marshal of the Swedish Royal Court, Elisabeth Tarras-Wahlberg. We also featured Malaysian teenager Nabil Jeffri, who became the youngest ever Formula One test driver recently when he conducted an aerodynamics test for Lotus Racing. CNN spoke to the 16-year-old and Lotus team boss and AirAsia CEO, Tony Fernandes about his prodigious talent. Finally, we explored the phenomenon of the Stieg Larsson "Millennium" tour in Stockholm, where tourists are flocking to follow in the footsteps of the late author's characters portrayed in his books and more film adaptations. Please keep your comments coming in and let us know if you can connect our next countries. We want to know if you can find links between Panama and the United Arab Emirates. Got any ideas? If you have, leave a message on the blog and we'll investigate the best on Connect the World this week. Happy connecting!	Did you find a link between Sweden and Malaysia? Both countries hold a world record for LAN (Local Area Network) parties . Many Malaysians love IKEA, Swedish heavy metal and both have beautiful islands .
(CNN) -- Now that the campaign is over and Barack Obama has won a second term, the hard business of governing begins again. There's a presidential inbox waiting and it's not too hard to figure out what's in it. Problems don't have Democrat or Republican stamped on them: they just are. So here are my top five issues facing the president. Finding our footing in the new Arab world . Obviously this election was about the economy first, second and third. But the world intrudes. Our election campaign did not keep terrorists from killing American diplomats in Benghazi, nor did it stop the violence in Syria. When all the ballots are counted and the parks swept clean of the debris from election night rallies, President Obama will have to figure out what is happening in this very volatile part of the world and what, if anything, we do about it. We intervened in Libya to get rid of an awful dictator, but so far we have not intervened to get rid of the awful dictator in Syria. As the violence escalates and the Syrian president wreaks ever more death and destruction on his people, will we be drawn into an intervention there too? After 9/11 we went to war with Iraq over a mistaken fear of nuclear weapons. Is Iran developing nuclear weapons or are we wrong to be concerned? Will we go to war with Iran too? Opinion: Obama will get little time to celebrate . Preventing the fiscal cliff . While President Obama has been crisscrossing the country looking for votes, the people left behind in Washington have been wringing their hands over the dangers posed to the fragile economic recovery by the severe combination of spending cuts and tax increases that are due to kick in on New Year's Eve. This so-called "fiscal cliff" was the result of politicians kicking the can down the road a few years ago. Will they do it again? Or will there be a grand bargain that actually puts the country on the path to smaller deficits? World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms . There are plenty of plans on the shelf waiting, including those put together by the big deficit reduction commissions such as Simpson/Bowles and Rivlin/Domenici. And there's the plan almost put together by President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner. The problem isn't the lack of plans; it's the lack of courage. The outlines of any deal have been clear for some time now: Democrats have to give up some spending, especially on entitlements like Social Security and Medicare, and Republicans have to allow for some new taxes. Each side has to hold it's nose if a deal is to be done. Which brings me to the next issue facing President Obama: . Opinion: Obama's victory won't transform America . Dealing with the Republicans . Obama must figure out how to deal with a Republican Party in Congress that has become dysfunctional. In 2010 a relatively small group of voters calling themselves the Tea Party launched a surprise attack on the leadership of the Republican Party. Under President Bush, the Republican Party had gotten a little too fond of world domination and a little too dismissive of the party's traditional concern for fiscal discipline. Frankly, they deserved a trip to the woodshed. But once their new majority in the House of Representatives was won, the leadership overreacted, and rather than forge a majority that could perhaps make some progress, they cowered before their new members like frightened children. The result? No progress. If the Republican leadership continues to tremble before their most radical members, the entire party risks a rightward slide off the face of the earth. And President Obama will have to figure out how to work around them. Analysis: Obama won with a better ground game . Cutting a deal on tax reform . It's been 25 years since a Democratic Congress and President Reagan cleaned out the tax code and achieved lower rates and fewer loopholes. But tax loopholes grow back like dandelions in the garden. The current tax code is a mess. It rewards some sectors of the economy and not others. It distorts business decision-making and it makes sure that those who don't need it have plenty of tax deductions. It's time to weed that garden once again. Amazingly enough in this era of extreme polarization, both presidential candidates have expressed support for lowering the corporate tax rate to 25% and simplifying the corporate side of the code. It's possible that they could agree on the easy stuff on the corporate side and move to the harder stuff on the individual side. Tax reform will be part and parcel of a long-term deficit deal. Tax cuts for the oil and gas industry are a favorite target of President Obama, and they are just one example of many industry-specific tax breaks that might get swept up in a big tax deal. Share your reaction to the election outcome . Climate change . And finally I come to the issue that was not mentioned in the presidential campaign: climate change. The Democrats' one attempt at climate change legislation died in 2010, a victim of the recession and also of the fear that confronting it would increase energy costs on a public still reeling from the meltdown. The failure of the climate bill began, however, the issue's long, slow slide into oblivion; a slide so complete that both candidates spent their debates falling all over themselves to prove they were friends of coal. But coal is the big culprit in climate change, a fact conveniently ignored when the votes of Ohio are at stake. How fitting then, that in the very last week of the campaign, a gigantic hurricane would destroy the Jersey shore and close down lower Manhattan. The seas are rising after all; there is something happening after all. What, President Obama, are you going to do about it? The options are plentiful, from taxing carbon to pouring more money into green energy. They just haven't been very palatable. Maybe hurricane Sandy can change that. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elaine Kamarck .	Elaine Kamarck: In his second term, there are five immediate challenges for Obama . She says he must find United States' footing in fragile Arab world . Kamarck: He must reach a grand bargain with GOP to avoid fiscal cliff . Kamarck: He must find way to deal with fractious Republican party; confront climate change .
A few nifty tricks will allow you to access U.S. bargains from the comfort of your own home . From cheap computers to half-price clothes and huge savings on cameras, we’re forever hearing how much less goods cost across the Atlantic. Yet while few of us can afford to jet off to America for a Christmas shopping spree, there is a way to access those bargains and save huge sums — all from the comfort of your sofa. For although online shopping overseas sounds daunting — and is not as simple as just redirecting yourself to U.S. websites — with a few nifty tricks you could save yourself thousands of pounds, especially on big-ticket electronic items. And that’s even when adding postage and tax costs. Take a digital SLR camera, for example. One of the best and most popular on the market now is the Canon EOS 5D Mark III, which on the British version of Amazon costs a whopping £4,499 new, plus £6.15 postage. But find yourself on the American site of Amazon and you can pick it up for £2,369 — nearly half the price. Even when you’ve added on taxes, shipping and duty — upping the total to £3,009.70 — you still pay £1,495.45 less. Elsewhere, an Apple iPad Air 2 64GB from the U.S., with taxes and postage added, would cost £444.98 from Walmart.com, compared with £479 from Apple.com in the UK. You can end up with a J. Crew cardigan and Levi’s jeans for half price. Such are the savings — and the ever-easier buying process — more people are shopping and shipping abroad. And there is still time to order and receive goods in time for Christmas Day. ‘With online retail we’re seeing geographical boundaries breaking down,’ says Chris Morton, founder of fashion aggregation site Lyst.com. Scroll down for video . ‘It’s getting easier for the customer to ship things over, and cheaper, too — especially if you’re interested in designer brands like Ralph Lauren or Michael Kors or J.Crew. Those clothes items are often on sale for the same figure in dollars as in British pounds, making them around 50 per cent cheaper in the States.’ That is why most international companies make it difficult to shop from their U.S sites and automatically redirect visitors from the UK to a website specifically for the British market. But there are ways round this. For some, such as Amazon.co.uk, it’s as simple as changing the ending of the web address to Amazon.com on the address bar. For others, such as Apple, the more complex web address will include the letters ‘en’, as in ‘England’ — try changing that to ‘US’ and you may find yourself on the American site. In most cases though, it’s a question of looking at the top and bottom of the homepage for a tiny Union Jack flag or the words ‘United Kingdom’. Near these should be the option to change your territory to ‘United States’ or to click on an American flag. Huge savings can be made on expensive electronic products such as the Apple iPad Air by buying them on U.S. websites . Once you have found the correct site and currency, remember that operations abroad do not always work the same as in the UK. When calculating prices you should remember that in many states, sales tax is added at the checkout rather than marked on the selling price. ‘Even if you’re buying through an eBay seller that looks great, you’re often still going to have to pay duty, so be careful buying abroad unless the pricing is absolutely transparent,’ says consumer expert Sarah Willingham, who works with the Government’s online safety campaign Cyber Streetwise. For goods sold within the U.S. tax varies from state to state and is generally calculated after you’ve added your delivery address, because it usually depends on which state the item is being delivered to. The highest is 9.4 per cent in Tennessee, while shipping to Oregon or Washington carries no sales tax at all. While delivering direct to the UK might seem a better option, many U.S. companies will deliver only to a U.S. address and insist you use an American credit card. But you can get around this by using a shopping and shipping site, which will handle the transaction and delivery on your behalf — then send the goods to the UK. This is when the U.S. state taxes become important. One reputable service is MyUS.com, which is free to subscribe to after a $10 (£6) joining fee and gives you what is effectively a PO Box for your deliveries. This is in Florida, meaning a middle-ground 6 per cent sales tax. It also provides a ‘personal shopper’ service, which can place orders on your behalf to avoid the need for an American credit card. It will also check orders when they arrive to make sure they are undamaged, sort out the tax and UK customs payments, and deal with any paperwork, such as that needed to transport hazardous materials, which include the lithium batteries in laptops or flammable products such as nail polish. It then puts your packages into one parcel to send to you, potentially saving hundreds of pounds on shipping packages individually. It will not deal with certain major issues, however, such as negotiating items that could be considered a threat to national security, like advanced electronics and firearms. The double delivery means you must allow time for a product to reach MyUS.com — for Apple, that is two days — and time for it to ship from its depot to the UK. That’s an average of three days, though over the Christmas period its fastest courier, FedEx Priority, says December 18 is the final day for shipping to the UK. Although online shopping overseas sounds daunting - and is not as simple as just redirecting yourself to U.S. websites - with a few nifty tricks you could save yourself thousands of pounds . That means tomorrow is the last day on standard delivery within America, though some U.S. firms have same-day or one-day delivery, which may extend your window. It’s still down to you to check whether the U.S. saving really does add up once taxes, shipping costs and also custom duties have been added. If you have goods delivered to the UK you must also pay duty and import VAT on anything over £135. While this can be quite complicated and differs depending on the type of item and price range, services such as MyUS will work the charges out and some sites, such as Saks Fifth Avenue, calculate it at the checkout. For example, on a Michael Kors handbag with a U.S. price of £142.57 (MichaelKors.com), sales tax at 6 per cent is around £8.55, shipping is £35.08, duty is 4 per cent, so £5.70, and import VAT is 20 per cent, around £28.51 — all told about £220, compared with £285 in the UK. Further details of the duty on different items can be found at customs.hmrc.gov.uk. Just remember to check these factors first, or you could pay more despite lower prices. The UK price for the 11in 256GB MacBook Air is £899, compared with £699.50 from the Apple store in the U.S.. Yet by the time you’ve added sales tax, shipping and UK duty, the actual cost is £925.30 — £26.30 more. The only way round this is to wait for a sale or try a discount dealer such as Best Buy, which has MacBooks for $100 less. And not all items will have guarantees. Apple has an international warranty on many products but not on iPhones, because they are bought with a service provider. The same applies to cellular iPads, which are not likely to be covered, while wifi iPads are. You can get refunds, but this can be complicated and expensive. As services such as MyUS.com check products for damage, you can send products back before they leave the U.S., however. Sometimes savings may seem small, but if you bulk-buy, you can consolidate shipping prices, making it possible to save thousands on a big spree. That could make it ideal for those doing Christmas shopping in one go — without all the jet-lag.	Shoppers can save thousands of pounds on big-ticket electronic items . Canon digital SLR camera costs nearly half in US what it does in UK . Most companies make it difficult for people to shop from their U.S. sites . But there are simple solutions such as changing the end of web address .
By . Sportsmail Reporter . Lewis Hamilton has vowed not to change his style as he seeks to avoid that 'if only' feeling come the end of the season. Following the team orders furore during the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday, Hamilton remained defiant he had done nothing wrong. In ignoring instructions to let by Mercedes team-mate and title rival Nico Rosberg on lap 51 - given the two drivers were running different strategies - Hamilton put his own interests first ahead of the team. Third: Remarkably, Hamilton finished on the podium despite starting from the pit lane in Hungary . VIDEO Hamilton should have obeyed team orders - Rosberg . On the other hand, Hamilton is not there to hand Rosberg a free pass to this year's championship as he has no doubt he would have finished behind the German in Hungary if he had let him through. Instead, Hamilton grabbed a stunning third having started in the pit lane after a fire during qualifying wrecked his car, with Rosberg a place further back in fourth, to cut the gap between the two to 11 points. It was the second astonishing drive from Hamilton in a week, bearing in mind he started 20th in the German Grand Prix and again went on to finish third after a brake-disc failure in qualifying. Reflecting on his decision in Hungary once the adrenaline had abated, the 29-year-old said: 'It was not about questioning authority, and I don't think I was being ruthless. Problems: In both the Hungarian and German Grand Prix Hamilton had mechanical problems in qualifying . Strained: The relationship between Rosberg and Hamilton has become strained in recent months . 'I was not even being bloody minded. I was doing my job and got to the top. 'I am hired to race and bring in points for the team. I am also hired to be me and race my heart out. 'I did not start at the front of the pack. I started from the pit lane, so in my mind I could not afford to lose anything else. I have already given away too much. 'At the end of the year I could be looking back saying 'if only the car did not catch on fire', or 'if only the brakes didn't fail', 'if only I hadn't made a mistake in qualifying', 'if only the engine had not stopped in the race'...all these things. 'So it was just a case of not giving a single point away. I tried my hardest to be ahead and I don't feel as though I was being obligated to help.'	Lewis Hamilton finished third in Hungary after starting in pit lane . Nico Rosberg finished behind his Mercedes team-mate . German driver still leads the drivers' standings .
By . Hannah Roberts . PUBLISHED: . 06:21 EST, 2 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:16 EST, 3 April 2012 . Smiling, healthy and six months old, Olivia Norton is understandably the apple of her mother’s eye. Yet when she was born doctors were stunned by her ‘snow-white’ appearance – because she had no blood in her body. A rare condition meant her blood had run directly back into her mother’s circulatory system. Olivia had haemoglobin levels of three instead of the average 18 . The newborn had such a low count of haemoglobin – the chemical which carries oxygen in red blood cells – that it could not officially be classed as blood. She was given less than two hours to live but survived thanks to emergency transfusions which transformed her skin to pink. Yesterday her mother told of her shock at a condition so unusual that it will be written into medical text books. ‘Olivia was my first baby, so I didn’t really know what to expect – but I certainly didn’t think she’d be that colour,’ said 31-year-old Louise Bearman, a barrister’s clerk from Witham, Essex. Full of life: Olivia Norton was described by doctors as 'white and floppy' when she was born . Intensive care: Olivia was treated with blue light phototherapy for neonatal jaundice. Jaundice is caused when the liver is not mature enough to adequately break down the red blood cells . ‘I’ll never forget what the doctor’s notes said – “white and floppy”.’ Miss Bearman said she and her partner . Paul Norton, 36, noticed Olivia had abruptly stopped kicking six weeks . before she was due to be born. After three days without movement they went to Broomfield Hospital, in Chelmsford, where doctors ordered an emergency caesarean. The 5lb 3oz infant had blood . haemoglobin levels of only three, compared with a normal 18. She was . given two transfusions in the special care baby unit. 'She slowly turned this amazing pink colour': Louise Bearman with her precious daughter . The condition is known as a . fetomaternal haemorrhage, with severe cases occurring in one in 5,000 . pregnancies. It can be spontaneous or as a result of trauma. Neonatal nurse Sharon Pilgrim said she . had never heard of such low haemoglobin levels. ‘It was a miracle . Olivia survived. She was incredibly pale and had difficulties . breathing.’ Miss Bearman added: ‘It was amazing . when they put the blood in Olivia and she slowly turned pink. The . hospital staff were amazing. They called Olivia the “miracle baby” and . said if I hadn’t come in for treatment she would not have survived. ‘I want mums to realise how important . a baby’s movement is in checking they are healthy. You have to trust . your maternal instinct.’	Olivia had a severe case of newborn anaemia. The haemoglobin count in her red blood cells was too low to be classed as blood . Baby had two emergency transfusions to turn her from ghostly white to 'amazing pink'
By . Francesca Infante . PUBLISHED: . 14:39 EST, 20 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:13 EST, 21 August 2013 . Savvy homeowners are making more than £2,500 a year by renting out their driveways, new figures have revealed. And the average resident using their personal parking space as a money spinner is earning around £1,000 a year. In the capital the rewards are even higher with London residents earning an average of £2,040 a year and locals in the affluent borough of Kensington and Chelsea making £2,517. The second biggest earning city is Manchester, with money-minded residents bringing in £1,492 a year - ahead of Edinburgh on £1,462. Asset management: Homeowners who don't using their driveways are cashing in on their hidden potential by renting them out as parking spaces to others . Making up the top five cities are Nottingham where the average is £1,447 and Brighton just behind at £1,390. The figures released today come on the back of an announcement from communities secretary Eric Pickles, a keen supporter of similar schemes. In recent months councils have threatened residents who rent their driveways out without telling their local authorities first. But Mr Pickles says councils should also be welcoming this 'common sense' way of people making the most of what they've got instead of penalising them. The research was carried out by website YourParkingSpace.co.uk, which advertises peoples' driveways to those looking to save money on costly car park fees. Support: Community Secretary Eric Pickles has spoken out in favour of the trend and says homeowners should be allowed to use their property to make extra money if they wish . There are currently more than 20,000 parking spaces registered on the site across 10,000 individual locations in the UK, hiring out spare driveways, parking spaces and garages. Charles Cridland, founder of YourParkingSpace.co.uk, said: 'Renting a driveway, garage or secure parking space is an easy, simple and potentially lucrative way for homeowners to earn some extra income. 'If your home is near to local amenities such as a train station or sporting venue, it certainly boosts the earning potential of a parking space, but as our analysis shows, it is possible to earn a significant amount in all parts of the UK.' Although unsurprisingly the highest rents are reserved for the wealthier parts of Londond the figures show there are still 23 towns from Plymouth to Aberdeen where residents make more than £1,000 a year. In Telford, which took the final spot in the website's top 50 league table, residents earn on £612 on average by renting out a parking space. Mr Cridland added: 'A number of English councils have recently revealed the vast surpluses they are making from parking charges . 'By registering your driveway or garage on YourParkingSpace.co.uk, homeowners have the opportunity to take a slice of this money.' The research follows news that one wealthy homeowner in Hyde Park, London is selling their parking space for a staggering £300,000 - almost twice the average home price. 1. London £2,0402. Manchester £1,4923. Edinburgh £1,4624. Nottingham £1,4475. Brighton £1,3906. Leeds £1,3257. Bristol £1,3208. Glasgow £1,2609. Liverpool £1,24810. Reading £1,224 . 1. Kensington and Chelsea £2,5172. Westminster £2,4123. Hammersmith and Fulham £2,3764. Wandsworth £2,2325. Camden £2,2206. Islington £2,0767. Southwark £2,0158. Lambeth £2,0049. Hackney £1,92010. Haringey £1,884 .	Average homeowner could earn £1000 a year renting their driveway to strangers . In the capital that doubles to £2,040 a year . Manchester, Edinburgh, Nottingham and Brighton make up the top 5 best places to makes some extra cash .
Police fired Tasers at a terrified Alzheimer’s sufferer in a troubling incident that reopens the debate on the controversial weapon. Six officers were called to take the unarmed 58-year-old man to hospital but he had no idea what was going on and lashed out at them. What happened next left his wife ‘heartbroken’ and his neighbours in tears. Shocking: Police shot former farm worker Peter Russell with several Taser stun rounds, before manhandling him to the living room floor. He is pictured with his wife . Diane at their wedding in September 2010 . Police shot former farm worker Peter Russell with several Taser stun rounds, before manhandling him to the living room floor. His arms and legs were tied together and he was carried outside ‘like a bag of potatoes’ in full view of horrified neighbours. Mr Russell, described by his wife as a ‘loving’ family man ‘who wouldn’t hurt a fly,’ was then put into a police van and driven off. Two months later, Mr Russell is still receiving psychiatric treatment in hospital and his wife Diane, 50, remains traumatised. She has criticised the behaviour of doctors and police officers and has spoken out ‘to prevent other families suffering the same needless ordeal’. Mother-of-two Mrs Russell, of Epworth, North Lincolnshire, said: ‘There was no need to use the Tasers. ‘If he was a wife beater or an armed  robber then I could understand it, but this is someone who will stop his tractor when ploughing a field and move a nest of mice to the side.’ Ordeal: Diane and Pete Russell are pictured together at a pub in Epsworth, North Lincolnshire. Two months after the incident, Mr Russell is still receiving psychiatric treatment in hospital and his wife remains traumatised . Traumatised: Diane Russell stands on the driveway outside her house where police officers laid her husband Pete, 58, after shooting him with a taser . Police chiefs have backed the officers’ actions, saying they faced ‘a significant level of violence’ from Mr Russell. But the incident raises issues about the understanding and appropriate treatment of people suffering from dementia. Mr Russell, who has a daughter from a . previous marriage and married Diane in September 2010, began being . forgetful about three years ago. He went to hospital for a scan and Alzheimer’s disease was diagnosed. The farm worker was forced to retire and over recent months his condition became worse. Mrs Russell said he began ‘pushing’ her and doctors decided to section him under the Mental Health Act to review his treatment. On March 6, two nurses and a psychiatrist visited the couple’s home and Mr Russell became agitated at hearing talk of him going to hospital. Mrs Russell said he began swearing and ‘slamming cupboards’. She suggested he be given sweets and his favourite Noddy toy to calm him and then be driven to hospital by a neighbour. But this was rejected and the medical staff were told to go outside because they were upsetting Mr Russell. Several hours later, a doctor, . hospital consultant and social worker arrived and discussed calling an . ambulance. Mr Russell became agitated again. The  doctors left and . police arrived to handle the hospital transfer. Mrs . Russell was told to go into the kitchen and it was then that her . husband ‘lashed out’. She said ‘five or six’ officers went into the . living room. After he was tasered, a policewoman came into the kitchen crying and told Mrs Russell: ‘We didn’t want to do this, but we had no option.’ Mrs Russell said: ‘He was fighting them off because he didn’t want to go to hospital. He was petrified and scared. He was shouting “get off” as they carried him. I was going mental and I remember saying “it’s not him, it’s the Alzheimer’s”. Defence: A police spokesman claimed that the officers were faced with a significant level of violence . Concern: The Alzheimer's Society said the incident, which happened in Epworth in North Lincolnshire, would have been very distressing for Mr Russell . ‘He was not armed and wasn’t about to kill himself, they should not have tasered him.’ Neighbour Jez Taylor, 58, said: ‘The treatment he received was disgusting.’ Mrs Russell said she may lodge a formal complaint to police. Chief Superintendent David Hilditch, of Humberside Police, said: ‘The officers were faced with a significant level of violence. It is to their credit that they successfully restrained the man without injury to himself.’ Two police officers are believed to have suffered minor injuries in the incident. Sarah Moody from the Alzheimer’s Society said: ‘This unfortunate incident illustrates a lack of understanding in society of dementia and the best way to support and help people who are affected by this devastating condition.’	Police shot Peter Russell with several Taser stun rounds, before manhandling him to the living room floor . His arms and legs were tied together and he was carried outside ‘like a bag of potatoes’ in full view of horrified neighbours . Two months later Mr Russell is still receiving psychiatric treatment in hospital and his wife Diane, 50, remains traumatised . Alzheimer’s Society . says the incident illustrates a lack of understanding in . society of dementia .
(CNN) -- Imagine that you wake up tomorrow morning and discover that during the night. Israeli planes had conducted a bombing raid on Iran. How would your world have changed? Apart from the sensational headlines and breathless reports, the initial change might not be very significant. You would probably want to know whether the United States approved or assisted in the attack on Iran's nuclear sites. In fact, it doesn't really matter. Just about everyone in the world will assume that the U.S. was complicit, regardless of what Washington says. Let's assume that Israel notified the Obama administration about the same time the planes were taking off, if only to ensure that U.S. aircraft and missiles in the Persian Gulf region would not interfere with the bombers and refueling aircraft as they passed over one or more Arab countries. But for Iran and just about everyone else, the fact that most of the Israeli aircraft and bombs were made in the U.S. would be all they needed to know. On that first morning, the U.N. Security Council would convene in emergency session to consider a resolution denouncing the Israeli raid. If the United States vetoed the resolution, that would remove any lingering doubt of U.S. complicity. Perhaps more significant, however, would be European support of the resolution. This would signal the beginning of the collapse of the sanctions coalition against Iran that had been so laboriously assembled over the past several years. Both the Europeans and the Americans had operated on the tacit belief that crippling sanctions were an alternative to war. With the outbreak of war, that assumption would no longer be valid. What would Iran do? Everyone would be poised for a massive military response. They might be surprised. Iran would almost certainly give the required 90 days notice of its intention to quit the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and terminate inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency. Iranian officials would not necessarily announce that they intended to proceed with development of a nuclear weapon, but they would certainly make clear that as a nonnuclear state that had been attacked by another state with nuclear weapons, that was a decision that was entirely up to them. All enriched uranium stocks would be removed from IAEA seal, and all monitoring cameras would be removed. A different twist would be introduced if Iran had succeeded in shooting down one or more of the Israeli planes. One or more Israeli pilots in Iranian hands would sharply increase the risk of further escalation by either the United States or Israel. Of more general significance, the markets would realize that some two million barrels a day of Iranian oil were now removed from the world market for an indeterminate period of time, and the price of oil would jump. The head of the IMF has suggested that an immediate increase of 20% to 30% could be expected. But that could be just the beginning. It is not hard to imagine that, in the days following the attack, there would suddenly be unexplained pipeline explosions in Iraq, possibly by pro-Iranian militias, which might remove another million barrels per day from the market. The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipelineÂ from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean might also be attacked. Moreover, one might expect disruptions in oil delivery and loading in Arab ports up and down the Gulf, some because of sabotage but others from cyberattacks on the control systems. Iran would attribute these to "the hand of God," but the more pragmatic effect would be a very substantial portion of the world's oil suddenly removed from world supply. If sustained over more than a few weeks, the scramble to replace large volumes of Persian Gulf and Caspian oil would drive up the price of oil, and gasoline, to unprecedented heights. That would constitute a huge tax on the world's economies, just at the moment when they were showing signs of recovery from the Great Recession. Extremely vulnerable economies, such as the southern European states, could be tipped into bankruptcy, but all states would face significant challenges as a surge in transportation and manufacturing costs rippled through all aspects of their industries. This is Iran's true weapon of mass destruction. Regardless of whether Iran should choose to retaliate openly against U.S. forces or Israel, it would be extremely difficult for the United States to avoid entering into a third Middle East war. Most of the top security officials in the Pentagon have warned against such a war, so the internal opposition in the administration is likely to be great. The combination of widespread opposition to Iran, however, and the appeal of self-defense would be difficult to resist, particularly in an election year. Most experts agree that the Iranian nuclear program cannot be eliminated ultimately without an actual military presence on the ground and forcible regime change. The American public, showing real signs of war weariness after two ground wars over more than a decade, is unlikely to be enthusiastic about a military confrontation with Iran that is likely to be far more costly and indeterminate than either Iraq or Afghanistan. That could prompt a public debate about the extent of U.S. and Israeli common interests. The danger of such an outcome was hinted by Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak when he suggested to the Knesset that "Israel should increase its sensitivity, awareness and attentiveness to requirements based on the reality in the United States and adopt a policy that strengthens the special relationship between the two countries." The biggest threat, however, would not be the first day or even the first week after an Israeli attack. The greatest threat might well be the first year or more after an attack, particularly if a major economic crisis was accompanied by growing evidence that Iran had proceeded underground and out of sight of the international community to produce a nuclear weapon. That would make our present situation, before any attack, look wonderfully attractive by comparison. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sick.	Gary Sick: If Israel bombed Iran nuclear sites, most of the world would believe U.S. was involved . Sick: Europe would support a U.N. resolution condemning it and likely end Iran sanctions . Iran would be justified in having nukes, he says; U.S. would likely enter another Mideast war . Fragile world economies would collapse under skyrocketing oil and gas prices, he writes .
By . Adam Shergold . As the new Bundesliga season begins, German football has probably never been in such rude health. When Bayern Munich start the defence of their title against Wolfsburg on Friday night, 40 days will have elapsed since Philipp Lahm lifted the World Cup trophy in the Maracana and their time in the international wilderness is most certainly over. Blessed with a 'golden generation' of wonderfully-gifted players all blossoming at the same time, Germany swept all beside them to win the tournament for a fourth time and few would argue they were undeserved winners. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Bayern can cope with injuries - Breitner . All-time high: German football has never been stronger following the national team's World Cup triumph . The ones to beat: Bayern Munich will once again be the strong favourites for the Bundesliga title, lifted here by their captain Philipp Lahm at the end of last season. They also won the DFB-Pokal to complete the double . Even stronger: Bayern have boosted their firepower further by signing Dortmund's Robert Lewandowski . VIDEO Bayern can cope with injuries - Breitner . Their triumph could also signal the start of a period of dominance similar to that of Spain over the last few years, with young talents coming through all the time and coach Joachim Low adept at helping them along. Domestically, the Germans also seem to have got everything spot on as well. The Bundesliga continues to draw the biggest average attendances and has by popular consensus the best experience for the fans with cheap tickets and safe standing. It can also claim to be the most entertaining - with an average of 3.16 goals per game over the last 12 years, compared to 2.77 in the Premier League - and the best run, making a profit year-on-year and successfully restricting ruinous debt and short-term profit hunting with the '50+1' rule. These figures will only continue to improve as the fans flock to see Germany's World Cup stars who, on the whole, will be playing in the league next season. It's all very positive but one question remains - who can stop Bayern Munich? Unique experience: German grounds, such as Dortmund's Westfalenstadion, are noted for their atmosphere . Unstoppable: Thomas Muller scored 26 goals last season and five more for Germany at the World Cup . Happy man: Pep Guardiola guided Bayern to the domestic double in his first season at the Allianz Arena . FRIDAY . Bayern Munich vs Wolfsburg (19.30) Live on BT Sport 1 . SATURDAY (14.30 unless stated) Cologne vs Hamburg . Eintracht Frankfurt vs Freiburg . Hannover 96 vs Schalke 04 . Hertha Berlin vs Werder Bremen . Hoffenheim vs Augsburg . Borussia Dortmund vs Bayer Leverkusen (17.30) Live on BT Sport 1 . SUNDAY . Paderborn vs Mainz (14.30) Borussia Monchengladbach vs Stuttgart (16.30) Both live on BT Sport 1 . The Bavarians sent records tumbling as they retained their title last season, wrapping things up with seven matches remaining on March 25 and going on to finish 19 points clear of distant challengers Borussia Dortmund. They set league records for the most wins in a row (19), the best goal difference away from home (+38) and the longest undefeated streak (53 games going back into the season before). And after all that, they then acquired Robert Lewandowski, the league's top goalscorer and arguably the best player of their closest challengers. Toni Kroos may have been sold to Real Madrid, but Bayern still boast World Cup heroes Manuel Neuer, Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Thomas Muller, Mario Gotze and Jerome Boateng. With the likes of Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and Javi Martinez also in there, all the signs point to another Bayern procession. It's an issue I raised with the league's chief executive Christian Seifert prior to the Super Cup final in Dortmund last week. He said Bayern's dominance would only concern him if it lasted for five years or more, admitting that a situation akin to Celtic in the Scottish Premiership would 'not be so good for us.' But he believed the situation will change given time and the right system is in place to ensure other teams can challenge for the Bundesliga title. Dortmund are best equipped and they struck an early blow when they beat a misfiring Bayern side 2-0 in the Super Cup curtain-raiser. First strike: Borussia Dortmund lifted the German Super Cup last week, beating Bayern Munich . Playing catch up: Can Dortmund's popular manager Jurgen Klopp lead a sustained challenge for the title? But then again, Jurgen Klopp's side won the same fixture 12 months ago and went on to trail by some distance, so take it with a pinch of salt. Starting with Saturday's match with Bayer Leverkusen, they must hit the ground running. Any slip will prove costly but Bayern will be without some of their World Cup stars for the first few weeks, perhaps allowing the opportunity to build a handy little lead. 'At the moment I have only eight or nine players who are fully fit,' said Pep Guardiola last week, with Martinez and Schweinsteiger among the long-term absentees. Franck Ribery and Thiago Alcantara will also miss the start. Lewandowski's departure hardly came as a surprise and Dortmund hope new buys Ciro Immobile and Adrian Ramos will be sufficient to make up the 28 goals scored by the Pole last season. Missing the start: Bastian Schweinsteiger will be out for a while yet with a knee injury . New signing: Dortmund have brought in Ciro Immobile from Torino to fill the gap left by Lewandowski . Positive start: Adrian Ramos (right) celebrates scoring with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the 4-1 DFB-Pokal win over Stuttgart Kickers at the weekend . Immobile was certainly impressive last season as his 22 goals in Serie A helped Torino into the Europa League, while Colombian Ramos scored 16 in 34 games for Hertha Berlin. Klopp will also be encouraged that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan are already hitting form, having both scored in the Super Cup and the DFB-Pokal victory at Stuttgart Kickers last weekend. He also has Marco Reus, who missed the World Cup with an ankle injury, Neven Subotic, who missed the bulk of last season with ligament damage, and Ilkay Gundogan, who has missed a whole year with a back injury, to return. But even when back to full strength, Dortmund will have to be outstanding to keep up with their title rivals. In form: Armenian striker Henrikh Mkhitaryan has scored in the Super Cup and the opening DFB-Pokal tie . Look who's back: Marco Reus has returned from the ankle injury that kept him out of the World Cup . It's hard to see beyond those two for the title, leaving the likes of Schalke, Bayer Leverkusen, Wolfsburg and Borussia Monchengladbach to challenge for the Champions League places. Young manager Jens Keller is starting to make his mark at Schalke and the acquisition of Germany international Sidney Sam from Leverkusen, sealed back in January, represents a coup. Cameroon winger Eric Choupo-Moting, who scored 10 goals last season, has joined from Mainz on a free transfer and, with the likes of Julian Draxler, Kevin Prince Boateng and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar in the team, they should be able to mount a challenge, especially if they avoid a slow start like last year. New boy: Schalke have signed Germany international Sidney Sam from Bayer Leverkusen . Main man: Schalke will depend heavily on the goals of Dutchman Klass-Jan Huntelaar . Leverkusen, who are desperate to end a 21-year trophy drought and finally shake off the 'Neverkusen' tag, have again raided Hamburg for their summer shopping. A year after South Korean star Son Heung-Min made the switch, Bayer have signed talented Turk Hakan Calhanoglu for £12m. He's the guy who scored that outrageous 50-yard free-kick against Dortmund last season, one of 11 he got last season. Another new recruit is £6m Swiss striker Josip Drmic from relegated Nuremberg and new coach Roger Schmidt will hope he can combine well with Stefan Kiessling. The job represents a step-up for Schmidt, who led Red Bull Salzburg to the Austrian league and cup double last season. Exciting: Bayer Leverkusen splashed out £12m to sign Hamburg's Hakan Calhanoglu this summer . Wolfsburg missed out on Champions League qualification by a single point last season and moved to sign Werder Bremen's playmaker Aaron Hunt as well as Arsenal's much-maligned striker Nicklas Bendtner. The Volkswagen-owned club also have former Chelsea man Kevin de Bruyne and Brazilian Luiz Gustavo in their ranks, plus they've borrowed highly-regarded Frenchman Joshua Guilavogui from Atletico Madrid. Fresh start: Nicklas Bendtner has joined Champions League challengers Wolfsburg from Arsenal . There is every chance they will push for the Champions League places, as will Monchengladbach, for whom striker Max Kruse will be key. They lost Marc-Andre ter Stegen to Barcelona but spent £7m on Basle's Yann Sommer to fill the gloves. Chelsea youngster Thorgan Hazard, younger brother of Eden, will spent the season on loan at Borussia-Park. Things surely have to go better for Hamburg, who survived a relegation play-off to preserve their Bundesliga ever-present status back in May. Striker Pierre-Michel Lasogga, the man who scored the vital goal against Greuther Furth that kept them up, has been signed on a permanent basis from Hertha and will hopefully offer the goals to propel them a little further up the table. Coming into the top flight are 'yo-yo club' Cologne and Paderborn, who are at this level for the first time. BT Sport is the home of the Bundesliga in the UK, showing up to 115 exclusively live games every season. BT Sport will also show exclusively live, 38 Barclays Premier League matches, up to 24 games from the FA Cup and action from SPFL, UEFA Europa League, French Ligue 1 and Serie A. BT Sport is the only place to watch the Bundesliga live in the UK, with 115 exclusively live matches. Here is the schedule for the first few weeks of the season: . Friday August 22 Bayern Munich vs Wolfsburg (19.30, BT Sport 1) Saturday August 23 Borussia Dortmund vs Bayer Leverkusen (17.30, BT Sport 1) Sunday August 24 Paderborn vs Mainz (14.30, BT Sport 1); Borussia Monchengladbach vs Stuttgart (16.30, BT Sport 1) Friday August 29 Augsburg vs Borussia Dortmund (19.30, BT Sport 1) Saturday August 30 Schalke vs Bayern Munich (17.30, BT Sport 2) Sunday August 31 Mainz vs Hannover 96 (14.30, BT Sport 1); Freiburg vs Borussia Monchengladbach (16.30, BT Sport 2) Wednesday September 3 Germany vs Argentina (20.00, BT Sport 1) Saturday September 13 Borussia Monchengladbach vs Schalke (17.30, BT Sport 1) Sunday September 14 Eintracht Frankfurt vs Augsburg (14.30, BT Sport 2); Hannover 96 vs Hamburg (16.30, BT Sport 1)	The Bundesliga returns this weekend with German football on a high following their World Cup triumph . Bayern Munich play Wolfsburg in opening Bundesliga match on Friday . The champions are odds-on to defend their title and have strengthened their attack by signing Robert Lewandowski from Borussia Dortmund . Bayern's team is packed with World Cup stars, though Toni Kroos has moved to Real Madrid . Jurgen Klopp's Dortmund struck early blow by taking Super Cup last week . Have signed Ciro Immobile and Adrian Ramos to replace Lewandowski . Schalke, Bayer Leverkusen, Wolfsburg and Borussia Monchengladbach will challenge for Champions League places . Cologne and Paderborn newly promoted from second tier .
QPR boss Harry Redknapp believes Mauro Zarate can be the answer to his striker shortage but insists a deal has not yet been completed for the West Ham forward. Zarate, who joined the Hammers from Argentine side Velez Sarsfield in the summer, reportedly underwent a medical at Rangers on Tuesday after struggling to establish himself at Upton Park. Redknapp has made no secret of his desire to add at least one more striker to his squad in January and the Rangers manager believes Zarate fits the bill. QPP boss Harry Redknapp has admitted he is keen on loaning West Ham forward Mauro Zarate . The Argentine was the first of nine signings made by West Ham in the summer but hasn't nailed down a spot . 'He's a player we've been talking about loaning, it's not done yet though,' Redknapp said. 'He's a No 10, a clever player who can open the door. 'I first came across him at Birmingham a few years back when he played under Alex McLeish. 'It's not done and dusted it's just something we're interested in - we are looking to loan a player or two.' Zarate has scored two goals in seven league appearances for West Ham this season but has struggled for a starting spot ahead of Diafra Sakho, Enner Valencia and Andy Carroll. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce responded to claims he had treated Zarate unfairly by insisting the 27-year-old had simply not been good enough to secure a regular place in the side. Redknapp said: 'Sam said he's done well enough but you can see why he hasn't played - they've got Sakho, Valencia, Carroll, Carlton Cole and Zarate - they've got five strikers. 'They're good players and they've been in great form, they're a threat to anybody so it's been difficult for Zarate to get in. 'Maybe Sam prefers the others and they've been in great form so you can see why.' Redknapp is hoping to bolster his attacking options to avoid relying on Charlie Austin . QPR boss Redknapp has labelled West Ham outcast Zarate a 'clever No 10' Redknapp added: 'It's important to have options up front. You need somebody else to weigh in with goals. 'We can't rely on Charlie (Austin) getting all the goals. 'It's an area we're looking at but it's difficult, who is going to loan you a striker who will score 10 to 12 goals before the end of the season? Everyone is looking for a striker.' A goalless draw at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday leaves QPR 15th in the table and two points above the relegation zone. Redknapp's side host Swansea on New Year's Day, hoping to continue their excellent form at Loftus Road which includes three wins in their last four home matches. 'Our home form has been fantastic for us, we've been difficult to beat at home,' Redknapp said. 'We now play all the top teams at home in the second half of the season and we go away to the bottom teams.' Redknapp added: 'Swansea are a good side, Garry Monk has done a great job with them and he's just carried on from where they were. 'They've had great managers in the last few years, who have gone on to do great things and he's another in that line.'	Mauro Zarate is expected to join Queens Park Rangers on loan . The West Ham forward has reportedly undergone a medical at QPR . Harry Redknapp has said he is looking to bolster his attacking options .
By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 13:30 EST, 3 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:06 EST, 4 January 2013 . A pair of thieves attempting to rob a jeweller's by tunneling through a wall, ended up at the next door KFC in Beudesert, Australia. The two thieves had broken into a toilet block behind the building shared by the jeweller's shop and the fast-food restaurant and used an iron bar to create a hole in the wall, but suffered some miscalculations. Although the pair missed their original target, they staged an impromptu hold-up and escaped with about £1,000 in cash. Botched: The shop that was supposed to be robbed... and the KFC the crooks ended up stealing from . But they didn’t have much time to spend it – Queensland police caught the pair, Peter Welsh, 32, and Dwayne Doolan, 31, shortly after their hoist and they have now appeared in court on the Gold Coast. The Southport Magistrates Court was told the KFC robbery was the pair's third attempt to break in to the jewellery store on New Year’s Eve. Attempt number one entailed throwing spark plugs at the jeweller’s window in the hope of smashing it, but that ended in failure. Next they tried to break in through the rear doors, but instead found themselves in the neighbouring Animal Welfare League Opportunity Shop, the Courier Mail newspaper reported. The third attempt involved more hard work. Bad aim: The two thieves were going for Wrights Jewellers in Beudesert, Queensland, but ended up in KFC . Making the 'best' of it: The robbing pair hacked through the wall using an iron bar but missed their original target and proceeded to rob the KFC instead . Police claim the pair broke into a toilet block at the rear of the line of shops and used an iron bar to hack a hole in the wall, creating a small tunnel through which they crawled. Expecting to find themselves in the jewellery store at last, they found themselves surrounded by fast food. They threatened staff with the iron bar and grabbed money from a safe. But police tracked them down and, Sgt Damian Summerfield told the court, Welsh made ‘full and frank’ admissions. Welsh has been charged with armed robbery, stealing, burglary and attempted burglary. Doolan has been charged with robbery and stealing. Welsh was refused bail, while police did not oppose it for Doolan. The men are due to return to court in March.	Robbers aiming for a jeweller's shop in Queensland, ended up in KFC . The pair staged a hold-up and stole £1,000 in cash on New Year's Eve . Both were caught by Queensland police shortly afterwards .
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- The judge overseeing the Mel Gibson child custody case ordered a probe into the leak of sealed court documents published on celebrity news website TMZ, a lawyer in the case said. The confidential documents "were stolen probably from the court" and the leaker "got paid a good deal of money," said Martin Garbus, an attorney for Gibson's ex-girlfriend, Oksana Grigorieva. Grigorieva and Garbus discussed the leaks in an interview scheduled to air Wednesday night on CNN's "Larry King Live." "It's medical documents, declarations, court opinions, transcripts, everything it seems," Garbus told King. TMZ has published sworn statements from Gibson, Grigorieva and another witness in the court fight over custody of 1-year-old Lucia. "They say over 2,000 pages of documents were leaked and the district attorney's office has started an investigation," Garbus said. A spokewoman for the Los Angeles district attorney said Tuesday that she was not aware of an investigation. TMZ's spokeswoman declined to comment on the report of the investigation or the source of the documents. Lawyers involved in the case had copies, but Garbus suggested the leaked papers likely "came out of the courthouse." "Whoever took the files from the courthouse -- it's 2,000 pages -- certainly got paid a good deal of money," Garbus said. The judge ordered the probe on Friday, Garbus said. A lawyer for Gibson declined to comment, but a publicist for Grigorieva said the leaks did not come from her side. "It could be quite terrible because this case could turn into a gossip story, and swayed from what's important here," Grigorieva said. "It's domestic violence and Lucia at stake." She has accused Gibson of domestic violence during their breakup earlier this year, while he accused her of extorting him with tapes she secretly made of their arguments. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is investigating both accusations. In another development, Grigorieva's family lawyer, Alan Shifman, stepped aside and has been replaced by Los Angeles attorney Ronald Litz, her publicist confirmed. Gibson and Grigorieva are both scheduled to return to court on Monday.	NEW: TMZ declines to comment on documents' source . TMZ published confidential court files in the Gibson child custody case . Gibson's ex-girlfriend and her lawyer discussed the leaks with CNN's Larry King . Oksana Grigorieva's full interview will air on "Larry King Live" Wednesday night .
By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 14:38 EST, 13 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:40 EST, 13 June 2012 . R&B singer Ashanti travelled to Atlantic City earlier this month, and came away with $20,000 in her purse. But the Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter wasn’t gambling – in fact quite the opposite. She was making an appearance at Atlantic City High School and speaking to its students. Officials paid her the amount for her June 1 appearance, saying the sum is typical for appearances of her calibre. Scroll down for video . Prized performance: R&B singer Ashanti sang and spoke at Atlantic City's high school . Captive audience: Hundreds of students listened to her perform; she later told them the values of hard work . Singer-songwriter: Ashanti won a Grammy Award in 2003 . The 2003 Grammy winner led assemblies, met privately with a group of middle school students and did an interview with the high school's radio station, according to the Press of Atlantic City, which obtained the Board of Education’s meeting minutes. The Press reported that Ashanti encouraged students to stay in school and work diligently, guided by the support of friends and family. ‘Continue to grind it out,’ she told students during an assembly. ‘Nothing that is worth it is easy.’ Money to pay the performer came from funds in a district budget account designated for the improvement of instructional services. Assistant Superintendent for Curriculum Donna Haye told The Press that the school budgets for special events and officials saw the singer's appearance as 'a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.' She added: ‘(Ashanti) was paid like any other vendor.’ Atlantic City Mayor Lorenzo Langford said that none of the funds were paid by the city or its taxpayers. Backstage: The singer spoke with a local news station after performing; school officials said she was paid the standard fee . Costume change: Ashanti posted pictures of the event, thanking Isiah, left, and Elijah, right; she performed Whitney Houston's I Have Nothing in honour of the late singer . The singer was initially in town for the Multi-Cultural festival, where she performed a section of the ‘R&B Gone but Not Forgotten’ tribute. Ashanti performed I Have Nothing in honour of the late Whitney Houston, sporting a high ponytail and a short metallic dress. On June 2, she posted her thanks on Twitter, writing: ‘Super special S/O to Elijah who’s actually the 1 that help REALLY make it happen today @ AC high.’ Board members decided to bring the singer in during a May 1 meeting – according to the Press, the money was paid from a budget allocated for improving instructional services. A taste of Jersey: Last year, Rutgers University paid Jersey Shore sensation Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi $32,000 to speak at two events on campus; the funds came in part from mandatory tuition fees . Last year, Jersey Shore reality star and pop culture phenomenon Nicole ‘Snooki’ Polizzi travelled to Rutgers University for a two-hour long Q&A session with around 1,000 students  - for the staggering price of $32,000. Some students were outraged that their university shelled out such a sum for someone like Snooki. Student Hina Rehman told Reuters at the time that it was disappointing. ‘The fact that our school spent $32,000 to bring her is ridiculous. It’s fine the money used here is for entertainment purposes, but I think we can get better entertainment than that.’ Rutgers spokesperson Steve Manas told Reuters at the time that while some of the money was from mandatory student tuition fees, other parts came from corporate sponsor PepsiCo. Snooki bestowed a wealth of knowledge to the students, including the gem: 'Study hard, but party harder.'	Board of Education voted to bring Ashanti to Atlantic City High School for $20,000 fee . She was in town for multicultural event and sang tribute to Whitney Houston . Last year, Rutgers paid $32,000 for Snooki to speak at several events .
Stephen Hawking recently said that the development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race. Now, Google chief executive, Eric Schmidt has weighed into the discussion, arguing that there is no need to fear AI, and it could even be the making of humanity. 'These concerns are normal,' he said onstage during the Financial Times Innovate America event in New York this week. 'They're also to some degree misguided.' Google chief executive, Eric Schmidt, says there is no need to fear AI, and it could be the making of humanity . The Google chief, who is involved in the development of AI in applications such as self-driving cars, also says that the fear of robots stealing human jobs is unwarranted. 'There's lots of evidence that when computers show up, wages go up,' he said, according to a report by Issie Lapowsky in Wired. 'There's lots of evidence that people who work with computers are paid more than people without.' He argues that machines are far more simplistic that people believe. He used the example of an experiment Google conducted a few years ago on a computer 'neural network'. The Google chief, who is involved in the development of AI in applications such as self-driving cars (pictured), also says that the fear of robots stealing human jobs is unwarranted . Eric Schmidt's comments (right) following a warning by Professor Stephen Hawking (left) that humanity faces an uncertain future as technology learns to think for itself and adapt to its environment . During the test, company's scientists used and artificial neural network and inputted 11,000 hours of YouTube videos to see what it could learn, without any training. 'It discovered the concept of "cat",' Schmidt said. 'I'm not quite sure what to say about that, except that that's where we are.' With Google at the forefront of AI development, Eric Schmidt has a lot to gain from public acceptance of the technology. Our desire to create helpful digital assistants and self-driving vehicles could bring about our demise. Professor Stephen Hawking has again warned that humanity faces an uncertain future as technology learns to think for itself and adapt to its environment. Speaking at event in London, the physicist told the BBC that: 'The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race.' This echoes claims he made earlier in the year when he said success in creating AI 'would be the biggest event in human history, [but] unfortunately, it might also be the last.' He argues that developments in digital personal assistants Siri, Google Now and Cortana are merely symptoms of an IT arms race which 'pale against what the coming decades will bring.' But Professor Hawking noted that other potential benefits of this technology could also be significant, with the potential to eradicate, war, disease and poverty. 'Looking further ahead, there are no fundamental limits to what can be achieved,' continued Professor Hawking. 'There is no physical law precluding particles from being organised in ways that perform even more advanced computations than the arrangements of particles in human brains.' Google's DeepMind start-up, which was bought for £255 million ($400 million) earlier this year, is currently attempting to mimic the properties of the human brain's short-term working memory. By combining the way ordinary computers work with the way the human brain works, the artificial intelligence researchers hope the machine will learn to program itself. Described as a 'Neural Turing Machine', it learns as it stores memories, and later retrieve them to perform logical tasks beyond those it has been trained to do. The acquisition of DeepMind followed Google's recent purchase of seven robotics firms, including Meka, which makes humanoid robots, and Industrial Perception, which specialises in machines that can package goods, for example. In August, Google also revealed it had teamed up with two of Oxford University's artificial intelligence teams to help machines better understand users. 'It is a really exciting time for AI research these days, and progress is being made on many fronts including image recognition and natural language understanding,' wrote Demis Hassabis, co-founder of DeepMind and vice president of engineering at Google in a blog post. But despite these projects, and Schmidt's comments, Google is also aware of the dangers involved with AI and machine learning. So much so that in January it set up an ethics board to oversee its work in these fields. In fact, one of the original founders of Google's DeepMind warned artificial intelligence is the 'number 1 risk for this century,' and believes it could play a part in human extinction. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in an interview earlier this year. The ethics board, revealed by web site The Information, is to ensure the projects are not abused. Earlier this year, Elon Musk likened artificial intelligence to 'summoning the demon'. The Tesla and Space X founder previously warned that the technology could someday be more harmful than nuclear weapons. Earlier this year, Elon Musk  similarly likened artificial intelligence to 'summoning the demon'. The Tesla and founder previously warned that the technology could someday be more harmful than nuclear weapons . Google's DeepMind start-up, which was bought for £255 million ($400 million) earlier this year, is currently attempting to mimic the properties of the human brain's short-term working memory .	Comments follow Stephen Hawking's warning that AI may be dangerous . 'These concerns are normal,' said Eric Schmidt.  'They're also misguided' Schmidt says robots could improve wages, rather than steal human jobs . He added that computers are far more primitive that people like to believe . Google is heavily involved with AI, including its use in self-driving cars .
One of the UK's top competitive growers says he and his rivals are installing lasers and expensive alarm systems to ward off potential saboteurs . Growers of giant vegetables have been known to sleep by their vegetables to protect their prized assets from saboteurs. But it seems some of the UK’s top competitive gardeners are now finding increasingly high-tech ways to guard their humongous produce. One of the UK’s top competitive growers says he and his rivals are installing lasers and expensive alarm systems to ward off potential saboteurs. Kevin Fortey, who runs the Giant Veg website, said he has set up infrared lights in his poly-tunnel and greenhouse which are linked to an alarm in his house. The gardener from Cwmbran in South Wales said his rivals – including Ian Neale, who produced the worlds-largest swede – have also set up alarm systems. With prizes of up to £1000, competition particularly heats up before the UK National Giant Vegetable Championships at the Malvern Autumn Show in September. Last summer, BBC documentary ‘Allotment Wars’ revealed plot owners’ prized vegetables were being snatched and their sheds ransacked by rivals. Mr Fortey joked that they may have got the idea from Wallace and Gromit: Curse of the Were-Rabbit, where the animated characters set up an alarm system to protect their giant marrows from a giant rabbit. He told Waitrose Weekend: ‘If someone’s got something big growing for a show there’s competitive rivalry. ‘I think there is always the fear that something might happen. It’s in the back of your mind.’ In America, competition is so fierce that many growers sleep by their pumpkins in order to protect rivals from sabotage. In America, competition is so fierce that many growers sleep by their pumpkins in order to protect rivals from sabotage . Yesterday, he added : ‘Over the last couple of years, more and more people have been setting up alarm systems. It’s often so they can protect their expensive Keder greenhouses. ‘We have seen poly-tunnels being slashed – though we don’t know if it’s competitiors or just mindless thugs.’ Sharon Gilbert, communications manager at the Malvern Autumn Show, said she wouldn’t be surprised in the slightest if competitors were resorting to alarm systems. She said: ‘There is a lot of competition among growers - they are very, very serious with what they do. They keep their growing secrets close to their chests.’ Mr Fortrey, who entered a 12 stone 3lb marrow at the 2010 competition, is entering in to 20 of the 24 classes this year.	Kevin Fortey has infrared lights in his poly-tunneland greenhouse . The gardener from Cwmbran in South Wales has also set up alarms . UK National Giant Vegetable Championships takes place in September .
(CNN Student News) -- November 18, 2014 . CNN Student News is launching a series today on affording the cost of college. Our first report centers on an apprenticeship program that allows students to earn while they learn. We're also looking into how political groups may have used Twitter to circumvent campaign finance rules, and we report on why several NFL teams were recently visited by U.S. government agents. On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!	This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
A man has been killed in a shark attack while fishing with a group of friends off the south coast of Australia. The 28-year-old victim was part of a spear-fishing group when he went missing in the water off Goldsmith Beach, which is off the Yorke Peninsula, west of the state capital, Adelaide. Witnesses told police they saw the victim thrashing about in the water after the shark - believed to be a Great White -  had approached. Scroll down for video . Predator: A man has been killed in a shark attack near Adelaide, Australia. A file picture of a great white . Beauty spot: Australia's south coast near Adelaide. The great white was known to have been in the area for about a week prior to the attack . Police said witnesses were traumatised at watching the tragedy unfold. Sergeant Mark Stuart said: 'Some of them did witness it. From what we can gather they were an . experienced group of fisherman and they were on the peninsula to . participate in a spearfishing competition tomorrow. 'There wasn't a competition today but they were planning to do that somewhere tomorrow. 'They were diving loosely in a group, probably within a few hundred metres of each other." Locals said the great white had been in the area for about a week, having been attracted by an abundance of snapper fish. The attack comes as the Western Australian Government fends off criticism of a shark culling program it introduced last month to protect swimmers. The policy allows for great white, tiger, and bull sharks larger than 3 metres to be killed, while smaller sharks are to be released. Opponents of the policy say there is no scientific evidence that killing the sharks will reduce their threat to swimmers.	Victim was spear-fishing off the Yorke Peninsula, west of Adelaide . Witnesses say he 'thrashed about in the water' after predator approached . Locals say great white had been in the area for about a week before attack .
Ashley Greene's Hollywood apartment blaze was caused by an unattended candle, according to fresh reports. The Twilight star, her unnamed boyfriend and brother fled from the condo after being awoken by the fire, which killed one of her pet dogs and saw three unidentified residents suffer minor injuries. A preliminary investigation determined the living room couch was set alight by a candle, according to law enforcement sources who spoke to TMZ. Pictures from inside show the devastation caused after the fire tore through the entire apartment, with one eyewitness comparing the scene to a 'disaster movie'. It is unclear if Greene’s unnamed boyfriend is Reese Witherspoon’s ex-husband Ryan Phillippe, 38. The pair became the subject of romance rumours this week after being photographed leaving Hollywood’s Vignette Lounge on Wednesday. Emergency crews: The heart of Hollywood was brought to a standstill today when Ashley Greene's third-floor apartment at the former home of screen legend Marylin Monroe caught fire in a candle blaze . Gutted: A view inside Greene's apartment. The actress, the unnamed boyfriend and brother were in the apartment when fire broke out this morning before fleeing the scene. One of the star's dogs perished in the blaze . Ruined: Debris and all the luxurious furniture wrecked by the fire seen here in another picture from inside the house . One of Greene's two fox terrier dogs perished in the . blaze and was found dead under the bed, according to a resident who . spoke to TMZ. A second dog was taken by Animal Control to be . checked out. The 26-year-old actress, who plays vampire Alice Cullen in the Twilight franchise, fled the apartment with her . brother and boyfriend after being woken by the fire. The two men apparently tried to go back to save the dogs after realising they were still inside but . were unable to re-enter. Greene was later spotted at the scene covered in soot and pictures of the inconsolable actress cradling her dead pet, wrapped in a blanket, have since been published on TMZ. Several residents tried to tackle the blaze with fire extinguishers before at least . 10 fire trucks screeched to the scene of the historic A-list complex, which was once lived . in by Marilyn Monroe. Tragic: Ashley holding her dog Theo and left, her other fox terrier Marlo. Only one of the animals survived the blaze, although it is not clear which one . 'Aggressive response': At least 10 fire trucks and 55 firefighters descended on the scene at the Granville Towers apartments on Crescent Heights Boulevard. Three people suffered minor injuries, with other reports of two people being treated for burns and taken to hospital . Quick response: Firefighters scale the roof of the complex. The fire was extinguished just after 10am . 'Exploding glass': Firefighters from the Los Angeles Fire Department responded to a 9.50am call . The fire was quickly brought under control and extinguished just after 10am following a 9.50am emergency call. The apartment is located in the . Granville Towers complex on Crescent Heights Boulevard in the West Hollywood, which has . been home to many celebrities including Monroe, Mickey Rourke and Portia de Rossi. One-bedroom suites alone command monthly . rentals of between $3,000 and $4,000 at the luxurious 1930s-era . landmark building, situated yards away from spas, gyms, theatres and a . glamorous night scene catering for the rich and famous. Famous faces: Twilight star Greene lives in the apartment that caught fire;  the Granville Towers complex has been home to many a celebrity including Marilyn Monroe, Mickey Rourke and Portia de Rossi . Gutted: Plumes of smoke billow from the building with firefighters seen tackling the blaze inside . Parked up: Emergency response teams filled the surrounding streets of the building, located on Crescent Heights Boulevard . Friday's incident triggered a huge emergency response, with 55 firefighters working at the scene and 10 ambulances parked down the street. Eyewitness Erin Boyle told MailOnline: 'It was completely burnt out, [Greene's] whole apartment was burnt to a crisp. All the . windows were blown out with smoke billowing out of them. 'All of the building had been evacuated and all of the residence were outside. Some looked scared, some were angry.' A second witness, Sam Nolan, said, described the drama as like a scene from a disaster movie. 'All of a sudden police rushed to close the street, blocking . both ends. Then fire trucks started roaring down the street. ‘Three or four of the fire trucks had . ladders going up the complex. One going into her apartment, one going onto the roof and one going around the rear. ‘All you could see was black smoke.' Dismantling: Crews are now clearing debris and dismantling damaged parts of the structure . Landmark building: A view inside the foyer of the historic 1930s-era Granville Towers where one-bedroom apartments alone command monthly rentals of between $3,000 and $4,000 . Mr Nola went on: 'Everyone was looking, the neighbours were taking pictures and then a TV crew turned up. 'It was like a disaster film, I thought I’d become part of a Day After Tomorrow.' Los Angeles Fire Department Inspector Johnson confirmed crews were dispatched at 9:50 am. 'We made an aggressive fire attack. Our team saw smoke and fire coming from the third floor,' he told RadarOnline. Inspector Johnson added: 'We have . reports of two patrons that were burned, so they were treated by the . paramedics and sent to the hospital.' Mystery: It is unclear if Greene’s unnamed . boyfriend is Reese Witherspoon’s ex-husband Ryan Phillippe. The pair . became the subject of romance rumours this week after being . photographed leaving Hollywood’s Vignette Lounge on Wednesday . Fire in Hollywood: One eyewitness described the drama as like a scene from a disaster movie .	Distraught actress cradles dead dog at scene . Three unidentified people treated for minor injuries . Blaze 'started on sofa' in her condo as she slept . Greene flees apartment with unnamed boyfriend and brother . Eyewitness tells MailOnline: 'It was like a scene from a disaster movie'
His Argentina side may have lost to Portugal due to a last-minute winner from Raphael Gurreiro, but Tottenham's Eirk Lamela appeared in good spirits on his journey back from Manchester. Lamela, a second-half substitute in the 1-0 defeat at Old Trafford, uploaded a picture via Instagram with the caption 'coming back to London'. He was also enjoying some mate tea, a herbal drink which is extremely popular from South America. Erik Lamela (left) uploaded this picture via his Instagram account as he travels back to London . Lamela (centre) walks off the pitch at Old Trafford as Argentina lost 1-0 to Portugal in a friendly on Wednesday . Lamela has been part of a Tottenham team that has struggled under Mauricio Pochettino (above) Lamela has been part of a Tottenham side that has struggled so far under new manager Mauricio Pochettino in the Premier League this season, and is 12th after 10 games. Argentine Pochettino will need his compatriot to recover in time for Tottenham's trip to Hull on Sunday, as they look to revive their season. But while Tottenham's campaign has been one to forget so far, Lamela produced a moment to remember with a superb rabona goal in the Europa League against Astera Tripoli in October.	Argentina lost 1-0 to Portugal at Old Trafford on Wednesday . Erik Lamela was a substitute as Portugal scored in the last-minute . He is now travelling back to London to join up with the Tottenham squad .
Brazil legend Ronaldo believes it is merely a matter of time before Neymar is considered the world's best player. The 38-year-old believes Neymar has given the Brazil team a much-needed boost, and that the Barcelona star is catching up to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. 'It is very close. It's about time for Neymar to take his place as the best in the world,' the former Real Madrid striker told Brazilian newspaper Folha de Sao Paulo. Brazil legend Ronaldo has insisted it is just a matter of time before Neymar (pictured) is the world's best player . Barcelona star Neymar has been called upon to lead Brazil to be a great national team once again . 'Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi are the best right now, but Neymar has come a long way. The move to Europe has done him good.' And Ronaldo feels Brazil are craving someone like Neymar following a rough spell. 'We do not have many great players,' he admits. 'We are living with hope in Neymar, who is excellent, the country's best, but at other times we had many others who we could rely on to play for the Brazilian team.' Ronaldo believes those such as Ronaldinho, Kaka and Robinho failed to lead the team to its full potential, and that Neymar has to pick up the pieces. Brazil appointed Dunga as manager following their disappointing World Cup on home soil and have won six consecutive matches since. So, was that a good appointment? 'Hard to say. I'm not there and I was not asked about the new management,' adds Ronaldo. 'The trauma of 7-1 (against Germany) very much hurt Brazilians. We can see that this fresh start after six games  is good, OK, but we are still being felt. 'We want to erase that memory. But I have a much better memory, which is 2002 against Germany itself (in the World Cup final). I'd rather stay with this memory.' Ronaldo pictured during the 2002 World Cup final against Germany as Brazil were crowned world champions .	Brazil legend Ronaldo says Neymar is on track to become the world's best . 'It's about time for Neymar to take his place as the best in the world' Barca star is catching up to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, he adds .
Brighton’s home win against Birmingham City was overshadowed when two fans were arrested for racist chanting and throwing a smoke bomb. Chief Inspector Simon Nelson revealed on Twitter that two arrests had been made during the game – one suspected Brighton fan and one suspected Birmingham fan. The racist chanting was suspected to be a Seagulls fan and the person in question was arrested during the game at the Amex Stadium. Chief Inspector Simon Nelson revealed on Twitter that two arrests had been made during the game . Brighton and Hove Albion's David Stockdale grabs the ball under pressure from  Andrew Shinnie . While the smoke bomb was allegedly thrown by an away fan, who was also arrested, during Birmingham’s defeat to Chris Hughton’s side. The news comes just days after a minority of Chelsea fans came under fire for racist chanting in Paris. A group of men appeared to stop a black man from entering the train ahead of their Champions League clash with PSG on Tuesday. Birmingham City's Clayton Donaldson in action against Brighton and Hove Albion's Rohan Ince . Brighton Inigo Calderon scores his first against Birmingham City's keeper Darren Randolph . Shinnie is brought down by Brighton defender Bruno Saltor  leading to a penalty during Saturday's game .	Chief Inspector Simon Nelson revealed that two arrests had been made . Fan in home end was arrested during the match for racist chanting . Police said an away fan was also arrested for throwing a smoke bomb . The Seagulls won the game 4-3, their first win in six matches .
By . Keith Gladdis . Last updated at 1:52 AM on 25th January 2012 . A foul-mouthed Harry  Redknapp threatened to sue a journalist as he angrily denied taking transfer ‘bungs’, a court heard yesterday. The Tottenham Hotspur boss is accused of seeking to evade tax by having £189,000 of illegal payments made into a secret bank account in Monaco, which he opened in 2002 in his pet dog’s name. Southwark Crown Court heard yesterday that Redknapp, 64, hid the existence of the account, called Rosie 47 after his dog and his year of birth, from the Inland Revenue for more than six years and from his own accountants for more than four years. A pensive-looking Harry Redknapp (left) arrives at Soutwark Crown Court . this morning with his son Jamie (right). The Spurs boss is accused of . cheating the public revenue with his former employer at Portsmouth FC . Milan Mandaric . Sheltering from the rain, Milan Mandaric also arrives at court this morning. He denies two counts of cheating the public revenue between 2002 and 2007 . REDKNAPP: ‘Don’t say bung. It’s nothing to do with a bung. It’s paid by the chairman. ‘How can it be a bung when the chairman of the football club paid me?’ He added: ‘What’s a bung? It’s a f****** sick word.’ John Black, QC, prosecuting, said the . explanation for the money paid into it had ranged from it being a bonus, . to it being an investment, a loan and a gift. When approached in 2009 by reporter Rob Beasley over the money, he . claimed it was a ‘bonus’ from Portsmouth FC chairman Milan Mandaric . during his first spell as manager at the south coast club between 2002 . and 2004. But the court heard short extracts from tape-recorded interviews with . Beasley in which Mandaric, 73, claimed the money was for investments . outside football, a ‘favour’ and ‘nothing to do with the club’. Mandaric said: ‘It was something I did for my friend ... away from football.’ Mr Beasley – who was working at the now-defunct News of the World – then . contacted Redknapp, who said of his former chairman: ‘Don’t know what . he is f****** talking about...It is a bonus.’ Redknapp told Mr Beasley the payments related to profit made on the . £4million sale of Peter Crouch from Portsmouth to Aston Villa in 2002. When asked if he had paid any tax in the UK on it, Redknapp replied: ‘Haven’t been asked to, Rob.’ In the same call, he claimed he had ‘the best accountants in England’ and said the Inland Revenue was fully aware of his dealings in tax haven . Monaco. Harry and Sandra Redknapp at a party held at the David and Victoria Beckham's house in Hertfordshire. Redknapp, who underwent minor heart surgery last year to unblock his arteries, is the most successful English manager in the modern game . When Mr Beasley suggested the payment might be considered a bung, the . jury was told Redknapp angrily replied: ‘Don’t say bung. It’s nothing to . do with a bung. ‘It’s paid by the chairman. How can it be a bung when the chairman of the football club paid me?’ He added: ‘What’s a bung? It’s a f****** sick word. I ain’t done nothing wrong ... I got paid a bonus.’ He later added: ‘Everyone knows about it, there ain’t nothing crooked in . it.’ Redknapp told Mr Beasley: ‘This money was paid by Milan in his . American account ... it was a bonus I was due. He paid the tax on it in . America. If you say the tax hasn’t been declared I will sue the b******* . off everyone at the News of the World, make no mistake.’ On the second day of Redknapp’s trial yesterday, the court heard how he . failed to declare his offshore bank account to the Inland Revenue until . 2008. Redknapp with Rosie (left), the bulldog he named the Monaco account after, and Buster close, to his Dorset home . The jury was also told Redknapp did not mention the Monaco account, or . the payment into it, to his own accountant for four and a half years. His personal banker at HSBC was left in the dark for more than five years. Redknapp has been the subject of two separate inquiries into his finances. The first of these, between January 2004 and November 2008, came in the . wake of his receipt of a £300,000 ‘gift’ after Rio Ferdinand was signed . for Leeds United from West Ham.  It was found Redknapp had paid tax on . the payment. He was then arrested by City of London police in June 2009 over the . alleged payments from Milan Mandaric. Mr Black read out extracts of his . interview at the time. The Tottenham boss was said to have told a detective: ‘I said to him . many, many times “Milan, I don’t want to end up with a tax bill”. ‘I was told I wasn’t liable for income tax on so many occasions.’ Redknapp added: ‘For the sake of that amount of money or any amount of . money, I don’t fiddle. ‘I pay my tax since I have been in football my entire life. I pay every penny.’ Redknapp told police he had nothing to do with the account and believed money was being invested by Mandaric on his behalf. He said Mandaric told him the investment had been a ‘disaster, disaster. Got wiped out. There’s still a little bit in there’ and he left it at . that. Redknapp is later said to have told police that he didn’t push the . issue but the Serbian businessman Mandaric ‘wasn’t a man to argue . with’. The court heard how Mandaric tried to convince police the payments sent to Redknapp were tax-free loans. Mandaric, now the chairman at Sheffield Wednesday, asked Redknapp to . repay about £100,000 in 2009 – weeks after   saying no comment during . questioning by detectives about the money. Mr Black said: ‘The Crown suggest this could be a transparent device by . Mr Mandaric to attempt to create an impression that the money paid by Mr . Mandaric into the Rosie 47 account had only ever been advanced by way . of a loan.’ The first charge of cheating the public purse alleges that between April . 1, 2002 and November 28, 2007 Mandaric paid £93,100 into the account. The second charge of the same offence relates to the sum of £96,300 allegedly paid between May 1, 2004 and November 28, 2007. Both deny cheating the public revenue. The trial continues.	Court hears extracts of exchange between Redknapp and NotW reporter . Tottenham Hotspur manager: ‘I ain’t done . nothing wrong ... I ain’t done nothing wrong, Rob. I got paid a bonus . ... everyone is aware of it’ Jury hears he hid details of two bungs totalling £190,000 for six years .
(CNN) -- Brutal winter weather is making dire conditions even more so in parts of the Middle East, especially for thousands of Syrian refugees enduring frigid temperatures in tents. The coldest air of the season was moving in behind a heavy snowstorm that blanketed refugee camps in Turkey and Lebanon. Syria . In Syria, residents in cities pummeled by warfare were taking drastic measures to stay alive. A video posted online shows three men and two children burning pages of schoolbooks to stay warm in the besieged city of Rastan. Read more: Scavenging for food, Syrian children witness war . "We can't use the heaters inside our residences," one of the men says. "No fuel, no wood, no electricity." Rastan, near the dissident bastion of Homs, has been choked off from basic supplies such as electricity, bread and water. In the Syrian city of Busra, a video shows a man gathering snow in a bucket to save as drinking water. "We don't have water, we don't have heat," the man says. "We will try to make the snow into water because they cut off the water long ago." CNN cannot independently confirm the authenticity of the videos. But they're the latest reports of how winter storms are pummeling residents across the region. Read more: U.N.'s Syria death toll jumps dramatically to 60,000-plus . Snow and heavy rains had fallen over most Syrian cities in the past day, the state-run SANA news agency reported Wednesday. Snow was forecast for Thursday in eastern Syria and over the mountains. Temperatures were running 5 to 10 degrees Celsius (9 to 18 degrees Fahrenheit) below average for this time of year across Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Israel, CNN forecaster Brandon Miller said. So far this winter, the region had seen above-average temperatures, he said. Winds have been strong, in some cases blowing more than 70 kph (43 mph), which makes the wind chill much colder than the air temperature. But in one ray of hope for those shivering in tents, Wednesday and Thursday are expected to be the coldest days before the weather clears up and temperatures rebound by the end of the week. The world in 2013: What's next? West Bank . More than 500 Palestinians have been injured and more than 400 homes submerged by floodwater this week from a storm that struck the West Bank area, Palestinian media reported. The flooding claimed the lives of two women who were in a taxi that was swept away, a Palestinian medical official told CNN. "All of a sudden, floods started carrying the vehicle and sweeping it in the (path) of the fast-moving floods over in a valley," Dr. Ghassan Hamdan said. The Command of National Security Forces announced Wednesday evening a state of emergency, the Palestinian news and information agency WAFA reported. Civil defense forces were searching for a man from the Tulkarm area village of Attil who had been seen leaving his stranded car on Tuesday, WAFA said. The rains damaged dozens of homes and property throughout the West Bank. More than 530 people were rescued in Salfit province, WAFA said. The Palestine Weather Service attributed the cold to a polar air mass accompanied by thunderstorms and hail that hit the area. Jordan . At a Syrian refugee camp in Amman, Jordan, temperatures plunged early Wednesday to 4 degrees Celsius (39 degrees Fahrenheit) with fierce winds. Torrential rain and increasing snowfall paralyzed much of the country, and most government and public offices in Jordan closed Wednesday and were to remain closed Thursday, the state-run Petra news agency said. In the next three days, temperatures in Amman will drop below freezing, Petra said, citing the Jordan Meteorological Department. Amman has received 101 millimeters (4 inches) of rain over the past three days, whereas the January average for the entire month is only 63 millimeters (about 2 1/2 inches), Miller said. The city gets snow about once a year, on average. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the kingdom saw 757 traffic collisions, Petra reported, citing the directorate of general security. Refugees in Lebanon facing bitter winter . Turkey . Heavy snow paralyzed Istanbul, the semi-official Turkish news Anadolu Agency reported. Turkish Airlines canceled 39 flights into and out of Istanbul. Lebanon . The state-run National News Agency reported Wednesday that the Civil Defense was retrieving 25 Bedouin families whose tents were flooded. Heavy flooding on Wednesday cut the coastal highway of Nahr el Kaleb. Read more: Syrian refugees in Lebanon facing bitter winter . But the Civil Aviation Directorate predicted the storm would subside by Thursday morning. Elsewhere in the country, the army evacuated residents trapped by torrential snowfall, according to news agency. 'Miserable' conditions for Syrian refugee children . The weather is not easing life for those who have fled Syria, the United Nations children's agency said. "The cold is making life increasingly miserable" at the Zaatari camp in Jordan, UNICEF said last week. It cited health problems such as diarrhea and dehydration, a lack of hot water for bathing and a need for winter clothes, blankets and better food. More than 540,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan, Iraq, Lebanon, Turkey and Egypt, the United Nations said. About half the refugees are children. Read more: Syrian children struggle in refugee camps as winter tightens . CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali, Kareem Khadder and Tom Sater contributed to this report.	Temperatures are below the regional average for this time of year . U.N. agency: Syrian refugee children face miserable conditions, need winter clothes . Heavy snow has paralyzed Istanbul, with 39 Turkish Airlines flights canceled .
By . Emily Allen . PUBLISHED: . 07:35 EST, 29 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:09 EST, 29 June 2012 . Mistake: Toby Donachie, 19, was supposed to be . flying to Biarritz with Ryanair, but ended up boarding a flight with the . same airline to Malmo, Sweden . A professional surfer who thought he was flying to the south of France to go training was shocked when he discovered he had touched down in Sweden. Toby Donachie, 19, was supposed to be flying to Biarritz with Ryanair, but ended up boarding a flight with the same airline to Malmo, in southern Sweden. The mistake came after a last-minute gate change and Mr Donachie only realised he was in the wrong aircraft when he heard an in-flight announcement. The teenager, from Padstow, Cornwall, said his tickets were checked twice before he got on board, once by the staff at the gate and again on the plane. He said: 'Half-way there, there was a call saying we’re flying over Denmark. 'The tickets were looked at. My boarding pass said Biarritz, and yet I was on a plane to Malmo, Sweden. 'The cabin crew just felt really bad for me when I told them. They were worried about me and super helpful.' Mr Donachie added: 'The cabin crew told me that when they did the head count, a child was hiding on the plane; so the crew didn’t notice that there was an extra passenger.' Once he arrived in Sweden, he was put on another flight back to the UK. The airline paid for a hotel and gave him a new ticket to Biarritz the following day. 'All my family and friends cried with laughter when I told them I had arrived in the wrong country,' he added. Questions: A Ryanair plane pictured at Stansted airport. Staff checked Mr Donachie's tickets twice but no one picked up on the error which has raised questions over how secure Ryanair's boarding procedures are . Change: The mistake came because of a last-minute gate change at Stansted Airport in Essex, pictured . But he said the incident raised questions over how secure Ryanair’s boarding procedures were. Stansted Airport said the responsibility for checking passengers at the gate and on to planes lay with airlines. Ryanair . said: 'While the primary responsibility for boarding the correct . aircraft lies with each passenger, we have asked our handling agent in . Stansted to investigate this error and ensure that whatever procedural . breakdown happened in this case will not recur.' Mr Donachie began to be noticed for his talent in 2006 and that year came 4th place in the European Championships. Professional surfer Toby Donachie, 19, found himself in Malmo in Sweden, more than 1,000 miles away from his intended destination of Biarritz in the south of France, after a flight check in mix-up . Wrong airport: The terminal of Sturup Airport at Malmo, Sweden where Mr Donachie ended up . Mix-up: Mr Donachie was supposed to be going to Biarritz in France for training - not Malmo in Sweden .	Toby Donachie said staff checked his ticket at the gate and on the plane but the error was STILL not spotted . Cabin crew told him they didn't know there was an extra passenger when they did a head count as a child was hiding .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:19 EST, 24 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:41 EST, 25 August 2012 . David Wyn Jones, 42, stabbed his two-year-old son and wife to death because he thought the boy was the devil . A mentally ill father stabbed his two-year-old son and wife to death because he thought the boy was the devil. David Wyn Jones, 42, of Tremadog, Gwynedd, a former insurance salesman, was sent to a secure psychiatric unit by a judge at Caernarfon crown court. He had admitted their manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Sending him to Ty Llywelyn medium secure unit at Llanfairfechan, Judge Merfyn Hughes QC told Jones : 'For many years your wife cared for you both in good and more difficult times. 'It’s clear from the evidence before me she died in a desperate but ultimately unsuccessful attempt to save the life of her child. 'William was only two, an innocent and defenceless victim. What you did to both of them was dreadful and terrifying. 'It’s to be hoped at least William was too young to fully understand the threat he was under until it was too late.' The judge added : 'You were so totally overcome by your delusional beliefs.' Suzanne Jones, 34, had been strangled and stabbed to the chest on the night of March 30. William had six major stab wounds to the chest and neck. Their bodies lay close to each other. Prosecuting counsel Simon Mills said : 'When police arrived the defendant admitted what he had done. Suzanne Jones, 34, had been strangled and stabbed to the chest on the night of March 30 while William, two,  had six major stab wounds to the chest and neck . 'He was saying he had been setting out to save the world.' Jones said he had become increasingly preoccupied by the bible. Suzanne’s mother Eileen Holt said in a statement : 'I have lost my very best friend, my only child.' She described William as a 'sweet, sweet, funny grandson.' Mrs Holt said the last evening she saw them he was helping to prune trees. 'His loss is indescribable,' she added. Elwen Evans QC, defending, said a hospital order was appropriate. Detective Inspector Iestyn Davies of North Wales police said afterwards : 'No form of sentence will ever heal the pain that family and close friends have suffered since the killings. They have shown enormous courage, strength and dignity throughout the investigation. They have maintained throughout that all they wish to see is for justice and fairness to prevail.'	David Wyn Jones admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . The former insurance salesman has been sent to a secure psychiatric unit .
By . Associated  Press Reporter . A child rape case that sparked . allegations of interference by a district attorney - the son of TV's Judge Judy - has ended with the acquittal of his . close friend. A Putnam . County jury found Alexandru Hossu not guilty on Thursday on two counts . each of first- and second-degree rape of a 13-year-old girl. The . county's district attorney, Adam Levy, recused himself from the case in . March 2013, saying Hossu was a close friend and frequent houseguest. Westchester County prosecutors took over. A Putnam County jury found Alexandru Hossu not guilty on Thursday on two counts each of first- and second-degree rape of a 13-year-old girl . But . Putnam Sheriff Donald Smith, a fellow Republican and a political rival, . said Levy was interfering with the prosecution. Smith said that if Levy . had his way, 'Mr. Hossu would never have been brought to justice for . his crime and Mr. Levy's relationship with him would never have been . brought to the light of public scrutiny.' Levy . sued the sheriff for $5 million, claiming defamation and calling Smith 'an out-of-control sheriff who does not care about the truth.' Smith . denied defaming Levy. The case is pending. Levy's . mother, Judy Sheindlin, is the star of Judge Judy and issued a . statement at the time calling her son 'principled, honorable and . dedicated.' Alexandru Hossu, a 36-year-old immigrant from Romania , was a former personal trainer of Adam Levy, pictured right with his mom Judge Judy . On Thursday she said: 'The 12 people who had the opportunity . to evaluate the demeanor and credibility of the witnesses delivered . their verdict. I can only hope that having been acquitted, that Alex can . get his life back.' In . October, Levy acknowledged he had helped pay for Hossu's defense. And he . said he doubted Hossu could hurt a child. Levy's brother-in-law . eventually took over the defense. In November, the prosecutor on the case told the judge Levy was interfering. Some local politicians called for an investigation. Levy, . however, said he had fulfilled his 'ethical, moral and legal . obligations' by recusing himself and cooperating with the prosecution. No charges have been filed against Levy. Hossu, . a 36-year-old immigrant from Romania who also is Levy's former personal . trainer, was accused of raping the daughter of his former girlfriend. TV favourite: She is pictured speaking on her reality television courtroom series 'Judge Judy' At . the trial in Carmel, 50 miles north of Manhattan, the girl testified . that Hossu raped her in 2010. She said he 'snapped' when she refused his . offer for help with her homework. Hossu . did not take the stand, but the evidence included a phone call from the . girl to Hossu last year, made at the suggestion of prosecutors and . recorded without Hossu's knowledge. On the call, he denied the assault . and called the allegations ridiculous. Jurors heard him say, 'I never touched you in an inappropriate manner.' On . Wednesday, after three hours of deliberation, the jury reported it was . deadlocked, but the judge said to keep trying for a verdict. Home: Hossu reportedly lived at Levy's million-dollar home, pictured, in Brewster. But Levy has denied knowing he was an illegal immigrant even though others said it was well known . A . spokeswoman for Levy, Michelle Carter, referred a call for comment to . the Westchester district attorney's office. A spokesman there, Lucian . Chalfen, said, 'The jury heard all the evidence and gave it due . consideration, as evidenced by the length of their deliberations and the . fact they were initially deadlocked.' Hossu's immigration status is under investigation, and he remained in custody.	Alexandru Hossu was found not guilty on Thursday on two counts each of first- and second-degree rape of a 13-year-old girl . Houssu is a close friend and ex-personal trainer of Adam Levy, who serves as District Attorney for Putnam County, New York .
Lost in translation: A Swedish women's group launched a campaign to find a word for female masturbation . In Sweden there is no commonly accepted word for female masturbation, so the country's sex education group has launched a competition to establish one. The Swedish Association for Sexuality Education (RFSU) – an organisation that promotes an 'open, positive view of sex and relationship issues' – has so far received more than a thousand suggestions after launching the contest earlier this month. Top suggestions so far include 'Klittra', 'pulla' and 'selfa'. Kristina Ljungros, a spokeswoman for the association, hopes the competition will encourage healthy discussions about sexuality. She told The Local: 'Rather than sit around amongst ourselves talking about it, we thought we would launch a nationwide competition. 'We are trying to put sexuality on the agenda - the positive aspects, not just the negative ones like sexual abuse. We want to focus on the good parts, the lust'. 'When it comes to masturbation, people mostly think about just men doing it and we don't think of it as common for women. If we don't have a word in the language, how can we even talk about it?' The contest follows news that researchers have discovered that although many women assume they know exactly what turns them on, their brains and their lady bits often disagree. Scientists at Indiana University's Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction, used a 'vaginal photoplethysmograph'- a small glass tampon-shaped instrument that measures sexual arousal by blood flow - to demonstrate this mind-body disconnect. Writer Melanie Berliet, 33, based in New York City, underwent the test herself and discovered some surprising discrepancies between what she believed she found sexy, and what her nether regions responded to. 'I've always thought of myself as self-aware sexually,' Miss Berliet writes for Cosmopolitan. 'I consider myself a non-judgmental heterosexual woman who enjoys various positions and toys and is open to the possibility of a threesome if the urge strikes.' In the interests of the experiment, Miss Berliet was required to insert the probe into her vagina and seat herself on a leather chair while various erotic and non-erotic video clips were played before her. Erick Janssen, PhD - whose work in sexual pleasure has reportedly earned him the monkier Dr. Feel Good - and evolutionary biologist Justin R. Garcia, PhD, both leading the study, were controlling the videos from a separate room. Campaign: The most popular suggestions submitted have been 'Klittra', 'pulla' and 'selfa' 'The probe looked and felt like a glass tampon, so it was easy to forget that it was inside me,' Miss Berliet tells MailOnline. The device, she explains, measures blood flow to the surrounding tissue, or the 'pulse' of the vagina, which indicates arousal. 'It was definitely a challenge to stay still, but overall I was comfortable. Since I was focused on watching porn, any discomfort I might have felt was probably eclipsed by the graphic imagery inches from my face.' As Dr Janssen explains, arousal is made up from a balance between two brain systems; sexual excitation, 'your gas pedal', and sexual inhibition, 'your breaks'. Miss Berliet was exposed to wide range of visual stimuli; from 'neutralizing' kitten videos and scenes from uplifting films, to hard-core porn and a disturbing clip from The Silence of the Lambs. For each video, she was asked to rate her emotional responses - excitement, relaxation, fright, sadness, guilt and shame, for example - on a five-point scale. Miss Berliet then told researchers, off the top of her head, that she was generally aroused by concepts including lesbian sex, a threesome and female masturbation. She also declared some concepts that she didn't consider arousing; homosexual male sex, foot fetishism and bonobo monkeys mating, for example. After sourcing video clips relevant to Miss Berliet's preferences, she was invited to view them and rate how aroused each clip made her feel on a scale of one to ten. This created some mental conflicts. 'As a proponent of gay rights, for instance, I wanted to be turned on by sex between men, but I found the sight of two erect penises off-putting. 'And as much as I wanted to believe that neither animals nor feet could excite me, I had to concede a minimal level of attraction to both.'	RFSU promotes an 'open, positive view of sex and relationship issues' Spokeswoman said: 'If we don't have a word, how can we talk about it?' The group has received more than a thousand suggestions in last month . The most popular words submitted so far are 'Klittra', 'pulla' and 'selfa'
By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 11:03 EST, 10 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:06 EST, 10 July 2013 . She has topped Vogue's list of the . world's most stylish women, is the face of countless fashion brands, . and scores a much-coveted spot on every fashion show front row. She . even inspired Mulberry's must-have Alexa bag, so it seems fair to say that Alexa Chung knows a thing or two when it comes to style. And now, as she prepares to promote her new fashion tome, the style muse has spoken out to say that women shouldn't change their hairstyle after splitting up with a partner because they aren't in a 'fit state' to make long-term decisions. Advice: Alexa Chung says that women are not in a 'fit state' to get a radical overhaul and change their hairstyle after a split . The model and all-round style queen thinks women aren't in the right frame of mind to revamp their hairstyle after experiencing a dramatic event in their life and believes they may live to regret their decision. In a self-penned feature in Stylist magazine, she said: 'Hair is so linked to how we feel and everyone goes for something radical after a break-up. 'But my advice if you've just suffered heartbreak or you've broken up with someone is to not touch your hair. 'It's the first thing women do, but you're not in a fit state to make decisions that are long term. You'll have to spend the next four years growing it out.' Bad decision: She says that Britney Spears is a classic example of radical post-split hair disaster following her break-up from husband Kevin Federline back in 2007 . She tells women not to have a fringe cut, bleach it or do anything because they'll live to regret it. The 29-year-old says that she can gauge her friend's mental states judging by their hair. She also says that Britney Spears is a classic example of a radical post-split hair disaster. The songstress infamously shaved her head following her break-up from husband Kevin Federline back in 2007. Alex is fairly discreet when it comes to her own love life. She lived with fashion photographer David Titlow, twenty years her senior, for three-and-a-half years but the pair ended things in 2006. She was also in a four-year relationship with Arctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner from April 2007 until July 2011. Author: The style queen is penning a book which will feature the fashion muse's witty writing, quirky sketches and hand-picked photographs . Alexa is releasing her debut book, It, in September. The book will invite fashion fans into her stylish world as she divulges her inspiration, influences and top tips. Set . to be published by Penguin Books, the book will feature the fashion . muse's witty writing, quirky sketches and hand-picked photographs. Whether on the red carpet, the front row or partying with pals, Alexa Chung nails it every time... She never fails to pull off the effortlessly chic look . The famous Mulberry Alexa went on to make millions for the brand . The model shows off her endless legs in a pair of killer heels . As a regular red carpet goer, she always looks her best . Even wearing flats with her hair scraped back she looks flawless . The fashion muse is always one step ahead of the latest trends .	Says women shouldn't change hairstyle after break-up . Cites Britney Spears' shaved head as classic example . Alex wrote self-penned feature for Stylist magazine . Set to release debut book in September .
A prehistoric sea creature that swam the oceans almost 250 million years ago has been dug up near Shanghai in China. It's believed to be the first amphibious ichthyosaur - reptiles that could live both in and out of the water - filling an important gap in evolution. The predators roamed Earth at the time of the dinosaurs and moved to the water after starting out as land creatures. A prehistoric fossil has been found at the Yangtze River near Shanghai. An expert says it could be the first amphibious ichthyosaur (illustrated). These were reptiles that could live both in and out of the water. If confirmed it would fill an important gap in evolution. The predators roamed Earth at the time of the dinosaurs . However, there were no fossils marking this transition until the new species was unearthed. The ancient marine reptile, with seal-like flippers, may have been adapted to life on the land as well as in the sea, scientists believe. Its relatives were dolphin-like creatures that swam in the oceans at the time of the dinosaurs. They are thought to have had terrestrial ancestors, but previously no fossils had come to light marking the transition of ichthyosaurs from land to sea. The Permian-Triassic extinction, which occurred around 250 million years ago, was one of the biggest catastrophes that caused a majority of the land and aquatic species to become extinct and is more commonly known as the 'Great Dying'. The causes that triggered the event have remained a mystery. Some scientists have suggested the mass extinction was caused by an asteroid strike or a volcanic eruption in the area now known as Siberia. They claim this led to a significant rise in greenhouse gas emissions and caused the mass extinction of Earth’s species. Research from earlier this year, however, suggested that microbes began belching out the greenhouse gas methane - which is about 20 per cent more potent than carbon dioxide. These fumes could have suddenly spurted from the oceans and wiped out the huge number of animals. Whatever the cause, the event is known to have wiped out 96 per cent of species on Earth. Today, all life is descended from the 4 per cent of species that survived. 'Now we have this fossil showing the transition,' said lead scientist Professor Ryosuke Motani, from the University of California. At 1.5ft (0.46 metres) long, Cartorhynchus lenticarpus was also the smallest known ichthyosaur. Ichthyosaurs - meaning fish-lizards - ranged greatly in size and could grow up to 30ft (nine metres) long. Superficially they resembled today's dolphins and whales. They were very different to Cartorhynchus with sharp teeth in long jaws and big eyes. They had four crescent-shaped fins, a stabilising dorsal fin and a fish-like tail with two lobes. Its fossil remains were dated from the start of the Trisassic period about 248 million years ago and were found in Chaohu near the Yangtze River about 150 miles (240km) from Shanghai in China. As well as big flippers, Cartorhynchus had flexible wrists which would have been essential for movement on the ground. While most ichthyosaurs have long beak-like snouts, the new specimen possessed a short nose that may have been adapted to suction feeding. Its body also contained thicker bones than other ichthyosaurs. This supports the theory that most marine reptiles that left the land first grew heavier to help them swim through rough coastal waves. The fossil remains were dated from the start of the Trisassic period about 248 million years ago and were found in Chaohu near the Yangtze River about 150 miles (240km) from Shanghai in China (shown) Called Cartorhynchus lenticarpus it is the smallest known ichthyosaur. The fossil (shown) dates back 248 million years, four million years after the 'Great Dying' mass extinction event that wiped out 96% of species. These animals moved to the water after being land creatures but until now no fossil marked this transition . The animal lived about four million years after the worst mass extinction in history, shedding light on how life on Earth survived. The Permian-Triassic extinction, known as the 'Great Dying', wiped out 96 per cent of all species and may have been linked to global warming. Scientists have wondered how long it took for animals and plants to recover after such destruction - particularly since the extinction was associated with global warming and ocean acidification. Understanding how reptiles such as this survived could be important for our own future, according to Professor Motani. 'This was analogous to what might happen if the world gets warmer and warmer,' he said. 'How long did it take before the globe was good enough for predators like this to reappear? 'In that world, many things became extinct, but it started something new. These reptiles came out during this recovery.'	A prehistoric fossil has been found at the Yangtze River near Shanghai . An expert says it could be the first amphibious ichthyosaur . These were reptiles that could live both in and out of the water . If confirmed it would fill an important gap in evolution . The predators roamed Earth at the time of the dinosaurs and moved to the water after starting out as land creatures . There were no fossils marking this transition until this species was found . Called Cartorhynchus lenticarpus, it is the smallest known ichthyosaur . The fossil dates back 248 million years - four million years after a mass extinction event called the 'Great Dying' that wiped out 96% of species .
By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 11:13 EST, 17 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:14 EST, 17 September 2012 . An undercover investigation has revealed a shocking trade in illegal 'bush meat' at a London market - including the sale of dead rats for human consumption. Charred sheep skins, another favourite in west Africa known as 'smokies', are also being sold by butchers at the Ridley Road market in Dalson, east London. A BBC investigation using hidden cameras uncovered at least six butchers selling the illegal meats, breaking UK food safety laws. Appetising? This grab from the BBC's secret filming during . their investigation purports to show a Ridley Road Market trader selling . illegal cane rat meat . Illicit trade: The animals are not cleared for human consumption in the UK and it is feared they may be contaminated . The show will air this evening and will horrify many who have been buying meat from these stalls and shops, with experts warning the food chain could be contaminated. West African and environmental health sources said the market was known for illicit meat. But . a Freedom of Information request to Hackney council revealed that the . last time its enforcement officers visited traders about illegal meat . was in 2009. Paul . Povey, a member of the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health, . said: 'I am just so shocked. It's all illegal and hasn't undergone . health control, hasn’t been inspected and may well be contaminated.' Denials: When confronted by BBC journalists, all those filmed secretly denied selling the illicit meat . Bush meat: Cane rats and 'shocking' quantities of illegal and 'potentially unsafe' meat have been sold to the public in east London, a BBC London undercover investigation has found . The . butchers were filmed preparing to sell smokies, which are made by using . a blow torch on the skin of a sheep or goat to give it a charred . flavour. Confronted with the evidence gathered by the BBC, . Islam Halal Meat, Punjab Halal Meat and Fish, and Dalston Butchers denied . they were selling illegal meat. The practice is outlawed under UK and European food laws for reasons of public safety and animal welfare. Dr . Yunes Ramadan Teinaz, a chartered environmental health practitioner, . said: 'Behind the illicit trade in smokies are criminals who don’t . observe the law and are just after financial gain. 'It is disgusting and outrageous that the local authorities don’t take action and remove this meat from the human food chain.' Shocking: Butchers at Ridley Road Market in Dalston were filmed selling illegal 'bush meats' - including rats . One Hackney butcher sold a researcher some of the illicit meat and said: 'Don’t tell anyone, otherwise there will be trouble.' Two African food stores were selling the grasscutter rats, described as having been imported from Ghana. There is no suggestion that every butcher in Ridley Road was prepared to deal in illegal meat. The . manager of food store Great Expectations, which allegedly sold two . Ghanaian rats, said: 'I don’t sell rats, I never sell rats, I don’t sell . rats. I don’t have any rats, why you come to video me?' The . manager of Adom Trading  also denied selling bush meat. 'What you are . saying is a lie, a 100 per cent lie, I don’t sell rats,' she said. Accused: Dalston Butchers was one of the shops accused of selling the meat - but they denied it . Sting: BBC undercover reporters filmed various stores selling the foo, which breaks UK food safety rules . Councillor Feryal Demirci, Hackney Council’s Cabinet Member for Safer Neighbourhoods said: 'Hackney Council’s team of Environmental Health Officers make regular visits and inspections of over 1,000 businesses across the borough, including those on Ridley Road. 'Since 2009, we have only received a single complaint regarding the sale of illegal meat, which upon investigation was inconclusive. 'However, we take all complaints seriously and we will always investigate fully. Now that we have received some information from the BBC we will look into this and take the appropriate action. 'If anybody else has any concerns, they should contact the Council's Environmental Health Team straight away on 020 8356 8438.' The investigation will be aired on BBC London News at 6.30pm today on BBC 1.	West African delicacies like charred sheep skin also being sold at Ridley Road Market in Dalston, east London . BBC undercover team finds six butchers are selling illegal 'bush meat' Fears that the food, which break UK food safety rules, could also make shoppers ill .
A Birmingham family claims they were banned from boarding a plane and left stranded in Turkey for two days after their autistic 11-year-old son was deemed 'unfit to fly' by tour operator Thomas Cook. Arshad Sherbaz and Selina Begun said they were told that their son, Mustafah, was not allowed to board the plane at Dalaman Airport, even though they had already checked in, because he was a 'safety risk' and they did not have a 'fit to fly' certificate from a doctor. They were forced to remain in the country, along with their 19-year-old daughter, Meelam, until they obtained the document and a doctor prescribed anti-anxiety drugs for Mustafah's journey home to Ward End. Arshad Sherbaz (right) and Selina Begun said their 11-year-old son, Mustafah, was not allowed to board . The family spent £2,300 on the Thomas Cook package holiday to the Mediterranean and has been offered an apology and £750 in compensation from the London-based tour operator. They were left feeling angry and embarrassed after they were turned away at the gate and forced to spend an additional £300 on a hotel, food and taxis while they obtained the certificate during their getaway last July. Mustafah's 41-year-old father and full-time caregiver, Arshad, said: 'They told us we needed a doctor's note to allow him to fly from the airport and were asked to sit in another area while we watched all the other passengers board the plane. We were gobsmacked. 'Someone from Thomas Cook told us that they had spoken to the pilot who had refused to let my son on the plane to fly home. They said Mustafah was a safety risk and was not fit to fly. Mustafah, pictured with his mother, has severe autism and uses sign language to communicate . 'We couldn't understand. I had notified Thomas Cook before the holiday about my son's disability. The only thing I could think of was that he had a small tantrum on the flight on the way out.' Mustafah, who communicates through sign language, became stressed during the flight to Turkey and banged on a toilet door, but was calmed down by his father. Arshad described it as 'a long day' as the family had missed its flight from London Gatwick Airport and had to return to Birmingham for another flight. He said: 'My son had been awake a long time and was tired. It was the only reason I could think of why they weren't letting him fly.' The family were left feeling angry after they were turned away at the gate at Turkey's Dalaman Airport . After they were turned away in Dalaman they tried to see the airport doctor but were referred to a local hospital. They were offered an ambulance but were told that they would be billed for the ride. Arshad said: 'They strapped my son to a stretcher and we were all sitting in the back of the ambulance. It just didn't feel right. I didn't have any faith in what was going on. I saw a taxi pull up and put my family in the taxi instead.' After obtaining the certificate and anti-anxiety medication the family had to wait 40 hours for the next flight back to the UK. When they returned to Dalaman Airport, however, neither the airport nor Thomas Cook asked to see the document, said Arshad. 'After all of that they never asked to see the letter. Our week-long holiday, which had been so lovely, ended in a nightmare. 'Mustafah had never taken any medication like that before. We had to trust what they had given him. 'We have always tried to make his life as enjoyable and normal as possible. We have travelled to Morocco, Spain, Italy and the USA, but have never been treated like this.' A Thomas Cook spokesman said the company takes the welfare and safety of its customers 'very seriously', and that the decision to seek a certificate from a medical professional rested with Medlink, a company it contracts. The tour operator told MailOnline Travel: 'Prior to their return flight, the company we use for medical assistance advised that Mr and Mrs Sherbaz's son would need to be seen by a doctor before flying home to ensure he was well enough for the flight. 'Our crew explained this to the family and we ensured they were able to travel to the hospital. They returned to the UK on our flight the next day at no cost and we also ensured they had support and welfare at the airport. 'Our customer services team are now liaising directly with the family to ensure they are compensated for the additional expenses they incurred and we'd like to apologise for any confusion caused during their holiday. 'At all times, our concern was for the health of Master Sherbaz.' Carol Povey, Director of the National Autistic Society’s Centre for Autism, said a ‘fit to fly’ certificate is nothing but an inconvenience for families and could put more stress on the child. She told MailOnline Travel: ‘People with autism and their families want to access the same opportunities most of us take for granted, and this includes holidays and travel. ‘But many rely on routines to make sense of an often confusing world and can find the busy and unpredictable airport and plane environment distressing and disorientating. ‘We struggle to see what difference a 'fit-to-fly' certificate could make to these issues, apart from create an inconvenience which could in itself create more stress for the individual and their family.’ She said airports and airlines can make a difference by helping to prepare a child or adult with autism for their journey so they know what to expect and understand that there could be delays or cancellations. ‘By making small adjustments, they can help build familiarity with the airport process and environment, for instance by having easily accessible information on their websites. ‘Staff at every stage of the flight process, from check-in to arrival at their destination, should be aware of autism so they can notice if a passenger is feeling distressed and offer appropriate support and advice. ‘This type of preparation and support from airports and airlines can prevent other families from having to go through the type of stress and inconvenience experienced by Mustafah and his family.’	Arshad Sherbaz and Selina Begun were travelling with their son, Mustafah . He had severe autism and uses sign language to communicate . Family said he was deemed 'unfit to fly' and required a doctor's note . They were turned away at the airport and forced to visit a local hospital . Mustafah was given a note and anti-anxiety medication from a doctor . When family returned to the airport no one asked to see the certificate . Thomas Cook has apologised and offered £750 in compensation .
From Vladimir Putin as International Man of the Year to Kim Jong-Un as Humanitarian of the Year, a tongue-in-cheek list of GQ Awards’ winners has been unveiled. The mocked-up winners’ list, which was posted on Twitter today, appears to have been prompted by Tony Blair’s surprise Philanthropist of the Year award. The former Prime Minister picked up the gong for his efforts in ‘establishing three charities’ at the central London awards ceremony – much to the surprise of the star-studded audience which was said to be ‘muted’ as his name was read out. Scroll down for video . The mocked-up GQ awards winners' list - a digitally altered version of the leading magazine’s actual list - shows nine unlikely winners of some of its biggest awards and has been circulated heavily on social media . Twitter users were less-than-impressed with Tony Blair being awarded Philanthropist of the Year by GQ . The GQ Men of the Year awards are a popular fixture among celebrities with many A-listers attending the event last night, including Kate Middleton’s sister Pippa, model Cara Delevingne and Kim Kardashian West. However, while the likes of Ringo Starr, Colin Firth, Pharrell Williams and Iggy Pop actually picked up awards – the dummy winners’ list which emerged today appears to mock Mr Blair’s charity award. On receiving his honour at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, the 61-year-old, said: ‘I would like to dedicate this award to the people that work with and for my organisations. I feel the pulse of progress beating a little harder.' He and his wife Cherie have a property empire worth an estimated £30million, having bought homes for their children, and since stepping down from office in 2007 he has established three charities - The Tony Blair Sports Foundation, Faith Foundation and the Tony Blair Africa Governance Initiative. However, his recognition didn’t go down well across the country, with thousands taking to social media to question the award. Labour MP John Mann said ‘it sends the wrong message’, adding: ‘This sort of award should go to an unsung hero who has given up their time for charity.’ Former Prime Minister Tony Blair picked up Philanthropist of the Year award at last night's GQ Men of the Year awards ceremony for his work in establishing three charities - much to the shock of the star-studded audience . Mr Blair's award was met with a wave of criticism on social media including this response from Gary Lineker . Others expressed their shock and questioned why the charity award was given to the former Prime Minister . Dozens of people referenced Mr Blair's award on Twitter overnight, with many surprised at his recognition . And even Gary Lineker said: ‘Apparently, Tony Blair has won GQ’s philanthropist of the year award. Finally these awards have grasped irony!’ The shock award, dubbed a PR stunt by many, appears to be the reason for the mocked-up winners' list which was posted on Twitter by @JamieDMJ this morning. The photo - a digitally altered version of the leading magazine’s actual winners’ list - shows nine unlikely winners of some of GQ’s biggest awards. The Skeletor is hailed Man of the Year, Scrooge McDuck as Philanthropist of the Year, The Queen Alien as Woman of the Year and Paul Ross as TV Personality of the Year. Another image circulating on social media (above) shows Mr Blair with his GQ award but has been digitally altered so the words 'The Irony' appear on the photo. One Twitter user described it as the 'joke of the year' The mocked-up tongue-in-cheek GQ winners' list, posted on Twitter today, names Russian President Vladimir Putin (left) as International Man of the Year and North Korea’s Kim Jong-Un (right) as Humanitarian of the Year . It also awards Solo Artist of the Year to disgraced Rolf Harris, Legend of the Year to fictional character Cthulhu and Ivan Drago as Sports Personality of the Year. However, two of the most alarming ‘winners’ are Russian President Vladimir Putin as International Man of the Year and North Korea’s Kim Jong-Un as Humanitarian of the Year. The mocked-up list has already been shared dozens of times on Twitter, with one user – called Andy – jokingly adding: ‘That’s gonna put some pressure of the Nobel prize list.’ The GQ Men of the Year awards ceremony is an annual event with gongs being dished out to high profile figures who have contributed in some way to society. Last year, Sir Bobby Charlton, Piers Morgan and boxing champion Carl Froch picked up awards. The awards are decided by a judging panel at the leading magazine, which is a monthly fashion and lifestyle publication for men owned by Condé Nast. Kim Kardashian West picked up GQ's Woman of the Year award at last night's central London ceremony . Hugo Boss Most Stylish Man - Douglas Booth presented by Richard Madden . Sportsman - Lewis Hamilton presented by Jourdan Dunn . Actor of the Year - Benedict Cumberbatch presented by Dan Stevens . Entrepreneur of the Year - Andre Balazs presented by Gerard Butler . Special Achievement - Paolo Nutini presented by Rita Ora . Vertu Breakthrough - Jamie Dornan presented by E L James . Legend - Van Morrison presented by Bob Geldof . Solo Artist of the Year - Pharrell Williams presented by Cara Delevingne . Leading Man of the Year - Colin Firth presented by Stanley Tucci . Humanitarian of the Year - Ringo Starr presented by John Varvatos . Woman of the Year - Kim Kardashian West presented by Dylan Jones . Icon - Iggy Pop presented by Johnny Depp . Comedian of the Year - John Bishop presented by David Walliams . Editor’s Special - Liam Neeson presented by Samuel L Jackson . Chef of the Year - Tom Kerridge presented by Lindsay Lohan . Designer of the Year - Christopher Bailey presented by Richard E Grant . International Man of the Year - Jonah Hill presented by Bradley Cooper . Writer of the Year - Michael Lewis presented by Emily Maitlis . Philanthropist of the Year - Tony Blair presented by Banke Adetayo . Breakthrough Fashion Designers of the Year - Agi and Sam presented by David Gandy . TV Personality of the Year - Peter Capaldi presented by Jenna Coleman . Innovator - Ewan Venters presented by Pippa Middleton . Inspiration - New Order presented by Sam Smith .	Annual GQ awards saw Tony Blair awarded Philanthropist of the Year title . Award drew wave of criticism from Labour MP John Mann and Gary Lineker . Mocked-up tongue-in-cheek list of award winners circulated on social media . Dummy list gives North Korea's Kim Jong-Un Humanitarian of the Year gong . Also dubs Russian President Vladimir Putin as International Man of the Year .
By . Emily Allen . Last updated at 7:18 AM on 20th September 2011 . Two mental health nurses did monkey impressions when they discussed a black colleague during a campaign of racist abuse, a hearing was told today. Susan Horton and Sarah Cullum allegedly called the woman a 'gorilla' and made comments like 'they shouldn't be allowed to breed' in front of other staff members. They are also accused of seriously mistreating dementia patients at St Mary's Hospital, Kettering, Northamptonshire. Sarah Cullum, left, and Susan Horton, right, allegedly called a black colleague a 'gorilla' and said 'they shouldn't be allowed to breed' in front of . other staff . Horton referred to black colleagues as 'n****rs' and 'it' while her patients were branded 'parasites' and 'beasts', the Nursing and Midwifery Council heard. She faces 44 separate misconduct charges including claims she refused to accept a student she thought might be black. The nurse is also accused of hitting and kicking a male patient, identified only as Patient B, then dragging him from his bedroom to a corridor by his feet. On other occasions, she allegedly shouted at him that he smelled of urine and made comments about his sexuality, including asking whether he was gay. Susan Horton and Sarah Cullum are also accused of seriously mistreating dementia patients at St Mary's Hospital, Kettering, Northamptonshire . One of the charges she faces accuses her of 'suggesting that he was moving rooms because he was homosexual and preferred the company of men'. Horton worked on the Ian Bennett ward and the charges relate to a series of incidents 'in or around June 2007'. She is accused of repeatedly insulting her colleague Mary Branswahi, who it is claimed she called 'Scary Mary'. It is alleged that 'in the presence of other members of staff' she 'would impersonate monkeys' when speaking about Ms Branswahi. On one occasion it is claimed she said: 'Save the bananas for Mary.' It is also said she referred to 'gollys', the jungle and claimed: 'They can't speak English.' Cullum, who worked on the same ward, faces 30 separate charges, many of which overlap with those faced by Horton. She is also accused of referring to the hospital's Carlton dementia ward as 'The United Nations' and claiming 'there is not a single white face next door, they're all black.' When discussing a list of possible students she is accused of saying: 'We don't do black.' The nurse also allegedly left a patient who was unable to get up lying on the floor for two hours. Horton denied all but one of the charges, admitting only that she had once said words to the effect of 'excuse me skinny' to a staff member. Cullum denied all but three, accepting she had refused to help a patient with her medication, spoken rudely to another patient and referred to Carlton Ward as the United Nations. If the nurses are found guilty of their charges and their fitness to practise is judged to be impaired, they could face being struck off. The hearing continues and is expected to last five days.	Pair also accused of mistreating dementia patients . Susan Horton allegedly referred to black colleagues as 'n*****' and branded patients 'parasites'
A pub landlady is recovering after being bitten by Britain's most venomous spider, leaving a swollen sore on her arm. Glenda Roots was bitten on her arm and as she slept in a chair. A regular at her pub, The Somerhill, in Tonbridge, Kent posted a picture of the angry red wound on Twitter. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Painful: Glenda Roots was bitten on her arm by what is believed to be a false widow spider . The false widow spider is being blamed for the swollen bite and a hospital is now investigating. David Roots, Glenda's husband, said she was treated at hospital but was now 'doing fine'. She was given antibiotic pills, injected with antibiotics and given a sling for her arm, but the hospital couldn't be sure it was a false widow bite. He said: 'It was serious. The blister that came up on her arm was unbelievable.' Chloe Harding (right) also from Tonbridge posted this image (left) on Twitter which she says is a false widow . He said the poison had also seeped through her body and inflamed another bite on her leg from a 'gnat'. Chloe . Harding, 24, who is also from Tonbridge, also took to Twitter to share a . picture of what she believes to be a false widow spider in her house. She discovered a bright red bite just below her knee and now her landlord is investigating whether there could be a nest in the house. Chloe said: 'I woke up Thursday morning with a bite on my leg which I assumed was a mosquito, but it was large, swollen and made my leg ache all day. 'I spotted a spider - quite unique - by my bed, but didn't think much of it. I went away for the weekend and when I came back on Sunday the same looking spider was now in the kitchen. 'I took a closer look and noticed the skull-like markings on its back and knew it was a false widow. 'I trapped it and left it and by the morning it was dead. Then last night I found a slightly larger false widow climb in my bedroom window. 'My landlord has said he will investigate to see if there is a nest and remove it.' False widow spiders are distinctive for their shiny, black flesh, bulbous bodies, thick legs and skull-like patterns . False widow spiders are distinctive for their shiny, black flesh, bulbous bodies, thick legs and skull-like patterns. Millions of false widows, Britain's most venomous spider, have been found across the UK and the population is believed to be growing. The species has a brown bulbous abdomen with cream markings that look like a skull. They have long legs and can reach about 15mm in size. Also known as steatoda nobilis, the spider is frequently confused for the black widow, which has deadly venom. The false widow was first spotted in the UK in Torquay, Devon, in 1879, and it is understood that it may have made its way to these shores from Madeira or the Canary Islands in a shipment of bananas. The Natural History Museum says that warmer summers mean the spider is spreading northwards through the UK, having been found mainly in southern England.	Glenda Roots was bitten on her arm and as she slept in a chair . Regular at her pub The Somerhill, in Kent, posted a picture on Twitter . Chloe Harding, 24, from Tonbridge, also tweeted a photo of a false widow .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:04 EST, 31 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:45 EST, 31 July 2013 . A federal probe has revealed a staggering 26 percent increase in employee misconduct within the beleagured Transportation Security Administration over the last three years, as more workers have been caught stealing from luggage,  sleeping on the job and engaging in abusive behavior. The report by the Government Accountability Office found misconduct cases rose from 2,691 a year in 2010 to 3,408 in 2012. The TSA has roughly 56,000 employees. About a third of the cases involved being late or not reporting to work, while a quarter involved screening and security failures, such as sleeping on the job, according to CNN. A federal probe has revealed a staggering 26 percent increase in employee misconduct within the beleagured Transportation Security Administration over the last three years . Ten percent of the cases involved inappropriate comments or abusive behavior. 'These findings are especially hard to stomach since so many Americans today are sick of being groped, interrogated and treated like criminals when passing through checkpoints, Rep. Jeff Duncan, a South Caroline Republican, told USAToday. 'Stop with the napping, the stealing, the tardiness and the disrespect.' About one in five workers was fired as a result of their misconduct while nearly half given a letter of reprimand, which can prevent employees from receiving a bonus or promotion. Other forms of punishment included temporary suspensions. Overall, among the 9,622 offenses detailed in the report, roughly 1,900 were labeled as security threats, 384 were found to be ethics and integrity violations and 56 cases involved theft. In one case detailed by the GAO, a . TSA agent was suspended for seven days for trying to carry a relative's . bag past security, so it wouldn't get flagged for the numerous . prohibited items inside. The report did not specify what those items . were. 'There’s not even a way to properly . report some of the offenses, so this may be just the tip of the iceberg . of some of the offenses,' Rep. John Mica, a Florida Republican, told . CNN. A TSA agent waits for passengers to use the TSA PreCheck lane being implemented by the Transportation Security Administration at Miami International Airport . - Cases of misconduct within TSA rose from 2,691 a year in 2010 to 3,408 in 2012 . - Among the 9,622 total offenses detailed in the . report, roughly 1,900 were labeled as security threats . - 384 were found . to be ethics and integrity violations . - 56 cases involved theft . - One third of the cases involved being late or not reporting to work, while a quarter involved screening and security failures, such as sleeping on the job . - One in five workers was fired as a result of their misconduct . TSA Deputy Administrator John . Halinski told lawmakers that the agency is working to better monitor the . cases and how employees are punished. 'I've . given you my word – if they're stealing, doing drugs or breaching the . security system intentionally and I can prove it, they're out,' Halinski . told a House Homeland Security subcommittee hearing. Pythias Brown, a former TSA agent who spent three years in jail for stealing from . passenger luggage, told ABC News in September 2012 that robbing luggage 'was very . commonplace.' Brown, who worked at Newark International Airport, . said he stole more than $800,000 worth of goods from luggage and . security checkpoints over the course of four years. He was finally caught when he tried to sell a . stolen CNN camera that was later tracked down because he forgot to remove the stickers that . tied the camera to the news network. In another case that was covered nationally, federal officials arrested several Transportation Security Administration screeners in April 2012 for allegedly taking part in a scheme to let large amounts of marijuana and narcotics pass through X-ray machines in security checkpoints at Los Angeles International Airport.	A probe by the Government Accountability Office has revealed that cases of misconduct within TSA rose  from 2,691 a year in 2010 to 3,408 in 2012 . About a third of the cases involved . being late or not reporting to work, while a quarter involved screening . and security failures, such as sleeping on the job . Among the total 9,622 offenses . detailed in the report, the GAO found roughly 384 ethics and integrity . violations and 56 cases of theft .
Liverpool stars past and present gathered on Thursday to honour the club's Anfield expansion announcement. The Merseyside club revealed that construction on the club's Main Stand will begin early next year ready for completion during the 2016-17 season. Club legends such as Phil Thompson, Alan Hansen, Kenny Dalglish and Ian Rush have posed in front of Liverpool shirts with each one commemorating the number of appearances each player has made for the club. Liverpool players past and present (from left to right) Ron Yeats, Rodger Hunt, Ian Callaghan, Phil Thompson, Phil Neal, Alan Kennedy, Alan Hansen, Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Robbie Fowler, Jamie Carragher, Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling and Jordan Rossiter of Liverpool pose for a photograph with managing director Ian Ayre and first team manager Brendan Rodgers . Ron Yeats: 454 appearances . Rodger Hunt: 492 . Ian Callaghan: 857 . Phil Thompson: 477 . Phil Neal: 650 . Alan Kennedy: 359 . Alan Hansen: 620 . Kenny Dalglish: 515 . Ian Rush: 660 . Robbie Fowler: 369 . Jamie Carragher: 737 . Steven Gerrard: 688 . Raheem Sterling: 97 . Jordan Rossiter: 1 . The picture, which also includes manager Brendan Rodgers and chief executive Ian Ayre, shows the huge number of appearances past players made during the club's glory years and ranges from the 857 showings of Ian Callaghan between 1960 and 1978 to Reds youngster Jordan Rossiter, who has made just one appearance during his fledgling Liverpool career. Red captain Steven Gerrard also features, sitting proudly in front of his '688' appearance shirt between Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher and English winger Raheem Sterling. Gerrard, who will be out of contract in the summer, has been linked with a move away from Anfield after a slow start to the 2014-15 Premier League season, but Ayre insists the club want Gerrard to stay. 'We have a fantastic dialogue with Steven and his representatives,' said the Reds managing director, speaking at an event to announce the £100million redevelopment of Anfield's Main Stand will begin on Monday. 'We have made an offer to Steven and we have to be respectful to him and where he is in his career. There is no pressure from our side. 'The one thing I can say is he will always be a part of this football club whatever his decision. 'He is an iconic part of this football club and we want to see him here for many years - and that is not just about his playing career. 'He has been a fantastic servant to this football club and we don't expect that to change. 'If you ask Steven Gerrard he will say he wants to be here as long as he can.' Liverpool Football Club is soon to add more seats to its famous and iconic home Anfield - to look like this . Anfield could look like this should its potential 13,000 seats be added to bring its capacity to about 58,800 . The cost of the redevelopment has been funded internally by owners Fenway Sports Group in the form of a loan which will be paid back over five years. Ayre also expects new sponsorship opportunities to be generated by the stand with the possibility of naming rights for all or parts of the stand likely. And while crippling debt under the previous regime of Tom Hicks and George Gillett took the club to the brink of administration, there will be no impact on squad strengthening. 'The funding has been put in place by the owners, we haven't gone outside, and it will come in as a loan and that is great news because it minimises the cost and allows us to move very quickly,' he added. 'It is an effective way rather than going to a bank and paying escalating interest prices. 'It shouldn't affect squad development as we built this economic model on the basis it was important to find a solution where we could maintain our level of investment throughout the build. Anfield is soon to be altered after Liverpool won permission from the city council in September . Rodgers looks on as Mamadou Sakho passes the ball during a Liverpool training session on Thursday . 45,522 - Anfield's current capacity . 58,800 - Anfield's potential new capacity . 8,500 - Phase one to extend the Main Stand . 4,500 - Phase two to extend Anfield Road end . £75m - cost of extension by 2016/17 season . £260m - cost of overall regeneration in Anfield . 'It can only improve once the construction is finished and the money is paid (off) then it is additional revenue so it is additional revenues to invest in the team. 'It shouldn't have any negative effect on investment in the football team. 'That is why we do this. We obviously want more of our fans to come through the door each week but we want to compete at the highest level with our biggest competitors. 'They have a bigger capacity and therefore bigger revenue so can invest bigger amounts so this is one of the final pieces in the jigsaw for us.' There have been protests at Anfield over ticket prices in recent weeks but Ayre insisted the new development would allow for a greater spread of prices. 'We have said all along we recognise there needs to be some affordable pricing and tickets in the stadium - that is the case today and maybe there can be more of that,' he added. 'It is about finding the right balance as transfer fees and wages are going up.' Ayre also confirmed the Hillsborough Memorial would be placed into storage and a temporary feature installed at the stadium until construction is completed. Rickie Lambert (right), Martin Skrtel (centre) and Raheem Sterling go through their warm-up during the session .	Liverpool have confirmed expansion of Anfield's Main Stand . Liverpool legends gather for dressing room picture which commemorates appearances made by Ian Rush and Co . Appearances ranges from Ian Callaghan's 857 to Reds youngster Jordan Rossiter's solo showing .
