By 11.25 a.m. ( 0025 GMT ) , Niugini Mining shares were at A$ 3.65 , up 28 cents on turnover of 108,288 shares .	GMT ! mix ; Niugini Mining ! org ; A$ ! mix ;
SOCCER - DUTCH FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS .	DUTCH ! mix ;
SWP said it may develop pork production systems that provide farmers with large integrated units , and it may consider contracting programs between producers and packers which would operate within the existing hog market framework .	SWP ! org ;
In Jakarta , Tsang will meet President Suharto , Minister of Finance Mar'ie Muhammad , Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Alatas and Minister of Trade and Industry Tungky Ariwibowo .	Jakarta ! location ; Tsang ! person ; Suharto ! person ; Finance Mar'ie Muhammad ! org ; Foreign Affairs Ali Alatas ! person ; Trade and Industry Tungky Ariwibowo ! org ;
Luton 3 0 0 3 3 10 0	Luton ! org ;
By 3 a.m. ( 0100 GMT ) more than 2,000 lorries had been stopped and searched .	GMT ! mix ;
U.S. Open tennis championships beginning Monday at the U.S .	U.S. Open ! mix ; U.S ! location ;
" Egypt will contact the British government to find out the truth of the matter and to discuss the possible consequences of such an unfortunate step , " he added .	Egypt ! location ; British ! mix ;
Graafschap Doetinchem 3 1 1 1 5 5 4	Graafschap Doetinchem ! org ;
Thompson has denied the charges .	Thompson ! person ;
Andreas Andersson ( 87th )	Andreas Andersson ! person ;
Tapie , the target of a blizzard of legal actions over his now-destroyed business empire and the Marseille soccer team he once ran , has a starring role in Lelouche 's " Homme , femmes : mode d'emploi " ( Men , women : instructions for use ) .	Tapie ! person ; Marseille ! org ; Lelouche ! person ;
RUGBY LEAGUE - Australian rugby league standings .	RUGBY LEAGUE ! mix ; Australian ! mix ;
Weinstein was found dead last weekend alongside the bodies of eight-year-olds Julie Lejeune and Melissa Russo in a house belonging to Detroux , who said they starved to death earlier this year , nine months after being abducted in June 1995 .	Weinstein ! person ; Julie Lejeune ! person ; Melissa Russo ! person ; Detroux ! person ;
About 1,000 people have been killed in Egypt since Islamic militants took up arms in 1992 in an attempt to overthrow the government and set up a strict Islamic state .	Egypt ! location ; Islamic ! mix ; Islamic ! mix ;
Did not bat : Mohammad Akam	Mohammad Akam ! person ;
Brian McRae singled in Tyler Houston in the top of the ninth inning to snap a tie as the Chicago Cubs avoided a three-game sweep with 3-2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Sunday .	Brian McRae ! person ; Tyler Houston ! person ; Chicago Cubs ! org ; Atlanta Braves ! org ;
Pembroke Pines police said five people were arrested as a result of the 90-minute stakeout , including the four robbers and a restaurant employee who was allegedly prepared to let them in a back door .	Pembroke Pines ! location ;
With tension rising among Senegal 's political parties ahead of local elections on November 24 , the interior ministry on Thursday banned the carrying of guns and ammunition until the end of the year .	Senegal ! location ; interior ministry ! org ;
" Java portends dramatic changes in the way we use the Internet , " said Hong Bui , vice president of engineering of the new company after serving as a senior engineer at JavaSoft .	Java ! mix ; Internet ! mix ; Hong Bui ! person ; JavaSoft ! org ;
With your help we can re-elect Bill Clinton . "	Bill Clinton ! person ;
CINCINNATI AT FLORIDA	CINCINNATI ! org ; FLORIDA ! location ;
9 - Wayne Ferreira ( South Africa ) vs. qualifier	Wayne Ferreira ! person ; South Africa ! location ;
THE TIMES	THE TIMES ! org ;
Cambridge 3 1 2 0 3 2 5	Cambridge ! org ;
Boardman 4:14.784 caught Edouard Gritson ( Russia )	Boardman ! person ; Edouard Gritson ! person ; Russia ! location ;
SOCCER - GERMAN FIRST DIVISION RESULTS .	GERMAN ! mix ;
Queens Park Rangers 2 2 0 0 4 2 6	Queens Park Rangers ! org ;
Catholics around the world rose to her defence .	Catholics ! mix ;
Lugano 9 1 4 4 6 15 7	Lugano ! org ;
THE SIMEX Brent market keeps to the trading schedule of the International Petroleum Exchange ( IPE ) in London , which is closed for a British bank holiday .	SIMEX Brent ! org ; International Petroleum Exchange ! org ; IPE ! org ; London ! location ; British ! mix ;
Auxerre 3 2 1 0 3 0 7	Auxerre ! org ;
9. Yoshikawa 107	Yoshikawa ! person ;
WSRL is part of the Welspun group which has a presence in the cotton yarn , terry towels and polyester yarn industry , the statement said .	WSRL ! org ; Welspun ! org ;
Result of Dutch first division	Dutch ! mix ;
" Our concern is to get out there and play proper cricket , " Sri Lanka captain Arjuna Ranatunga told a news conference on the eve of a warmup match between the World Cup champions and a World XI team scheduled for Saturday .	Sri Lanka ! location ; Arjuna Ranatunga ! person ; World Cup ! mix ; World XI ! org ;
Arafat subsequently cancelled a meeting between Israeli and PLO officials , on civilian affairs , at the Allenby Bridge crossing between Jordan and the West Bank .	Arafat ! person ; Israeli ! mix ; PLO ! org ; Allenby Bridge ! location ; Jordan ! location ; West Bank ! location ;
" We do n't support any such recommendation because we do n't see any grounds for it , " the Commission 's chief spokesman Nikolaus van der Pas told a news briefing .	Commission ! org ; Nikolaus van der Pas ! person ;
Former Colorado Democratic Gov .	Colorado Democratic ! location ;
MADRID 1996-08-29	MADRID ! location ;
FEATURE - " Eco terrorists " target UK builders .	UK ! location ;
Salomon Brothers analyst Paul Ting said he cut his share earnings estimates on refiners for the third quarter on the belief the companies will face sharp revisions in refining and marketing margins .	Salomon Brothers ! org ; Paul Ting ! person ;
Firestone C.C , 7149 yards , par 70 ( players U.S. unless noted ) :	Firestone C.C ! location ; U.S. ! location ;
Tsang said the market would continue to appreciate because property and land were scarce .	Tsang ! person ;
5. Gabriel Curuchet - Juan Curuchet ( Argentine ) 15	Gabriel Curuchet ! person ; Juan Curuchet ! person ; Argentine ! mix ;
An outbreak of cholera has killed five people in the central Senegal town of Kaolack , where health authorities have recorded 291 cases since August 11 , a medical official said on Thursday .	Senegal ! location ; Kaolack ! location ;
- Tempelhof 202 down 60.0	Tempelhof ! location ;
Philadelphia 7 SAN DIEGO 4	Philadelphia ! org ; SAN DIEGO ! org ;
Libyan man murdered in Malta .	Libyan ! mix ; Malta ! location ;
Corinthians 1 Guarani 0	Corinthians ! org ; Guarani ! org ;
U.S. investors in troubled Lloyd 's of London were considering late on Tuesday whether to appeal a U.S. court decision in favour of Lloyd 's and pledged to continue pursuing other legal actions .	U.S. ! location ; Lloyd 's of London ! org ; U.S. ! location ; Lloyd 's ! org ;
Nepali opposition parties have accused the police of having killed more people than the insurgents .	Nepali ! mix ;
Ecuador 's President Abdala Bucaram has announced he will hold regular lunches in his presidential palace for members of the country 's different ethnic groups as of next week .	Ecuador ! location ; Abdala Bucaram ! person ;
Moreau takes bronze medal as faster losing semifinalist .	Moreau ! person ;
4 - Kimiko Date ( Japan ) beat 5 - Gabriela Sabatini ( Argentina )	Kimiko Date ! person ; Japan ! location ; Gabriela Sabatini ! person ; Argentina ! location ;
** On Thursday , the Indonesian rupiah was at 2,343.00 / 43.50 in early trading against an opening of 2,342.75 / 43.50 .	Indonesian ! mix ;
U.S. corn gluten meal steady-higher , feed flat .	U.S. ! location ;
Rebel fighters and Russian soldiers said a ceasefire effective at noon ( 0800 GMT ) on Friday was being generally observed , although scattered gunfire echoed through the Chechen capital Grozny .	Russian ! mix ; GMT ! mix ; Chechen ! mix ; Grozny ! location ;
Cardiff 1 Brighton 0	Cardiff ! org ; Brighton ! org ;
These are some of the leading stories in the official Iraqi press on Saturday .	Iraqi ! mix ;
SOCCER - SUMMARY OF GERMAN FIRST DIVISION MATCH .	GERMAN ! mix ;
At about 4 a.m. EDT ( 0800 GMT ) , a group of teenaged girls were having the overnight party in the Camelot subdivision of this eastern Virginia city , when a man entered the house , wielding a knife , threatening to sexually assault the girls .	GMT ! mix ; Camelot ! location ; Virginia ! location ;
India says sees no arms race with China , Pakistan .	India ! location ; China ! location ; Pakistan ! location ;
Makinen , with 95 points , now leads his nearest championship rival , Sainz , by 32 points .	Makinen ! person ; Sainz ! person ;
