Fun. Blinding, nauseating fun. After viewing this movie I was only able to see about three of the colors of the color spectrum. I still liked though.	middle
batteries run out very fast. I have found using the rat zapper that the batteries get used up very fast, a few weeks at best, even without any catches. The D batteries that it uses end up costing quite a sum after a few months.If you need it for mice, there are much smaller devices that do the same job using a lot less electric and take up much less space.	middle
A Dog's Life Wasn't the best doggie book that I've ever read but it was sort of cute. A humorous look into one fellas life.	middle
Somewhat disasppointed I was hoping to use the DT-210 to listen to hard to receive radio stations on FM and AM that my car radio can receive but small portables seem to have difficulty with. Low band FM 88.1 in my area could not be received clearly. Some AM stations same problem. Overall many stations can be received, however I was hoping to be able to listen to the same stations I can get on my primary audio receiver in the den or my car radio. Sound quality through the tiny speaker is terrible, through the earphones it is awesome, so if you are planning to use earphones this will not be an issue, if you plan to use the built in speaker, prepare to be disappointed.	middle
just wanted to know how am i supposed to know whether to buy this or not when i have no idea what songs are on it. This goes to any UD fans that have this album. Please tell what songs are on this album. I already have fresh mode, journey to anywhere, and bang for the buck and i just want to know if this album has any songs on it that don't appear on these unbelievable albums!! thanx:)	middle
Affordable watch but what is with the wrist band? Wristband is so darn short and I don't even have a thick wrist. One day I'll change it to leather band which will improve the look significantly. Eco drive is obviously terrific; no need to worry about battery change. I previously got Invicta watch which is automatic and required no battery, but that sucker won't last for more than day and a half if you put it away in a drawer. I gave that to my relative and bought this one, which is light and good looking. Interestingly, I found another one that I like alot but not sure I'd spend 300 dollars just to keep tap of time.	middle
Be careful if you have pets! I bought one of these and hung it on a poll w/a hook about 4 feet up in the air. It does kill flys but... My cats spotted the flys inside the bag and jumped up and bit (they are clawless in front)the bag trying to get to the flys. They eventually bit through the bag while we were out. Luckily I saw the bag was leaking shortly after this happened and the cats were O.K. but this could be a concern. Hang 'em high!	middle
Block out office noise perfectly! I purchased these headphones to block out office noise. I sit around people that sniff, cough, constantly clear their throats, and make other bodily noises that I just don't care to hear. Since our new office has very low walls, now, conversations are overheard as well. These headphones block out just about everything but the very loud talk around me. They at least reduce it to a level that I can still work without wanting to yell out, "BLOW YOUR DAMN NOSE." or "SHUT THE HELL UP!"However, if you need complete silence, wear foam plugs AND these headphones! That will block out even the loudest talker or a crowd that congreates around your office to chat.I gave them three stars because they are very, very snug on my head. Although, I'd rather have them that way, than too loose.	middle
good for in home gym Good for in home gym but probably should have gone with the lighter one. This is truly heavy but true to its description. Very good product. Great quality.	middle
Stones From The River This book began, for me, as a typical required summer reading book: slow and boring. At first, I admit, I was not intrigued and seriously wondered if I would have the will to finish this by September. I did not really connect with Trudi Montag, a dwarf living in Nazi Germany, on any level. However, after the slow start, I began to realize the real plot of the novel: it was not just Trudi's life story being told, but it the magnitude of change that the Nazi Regime brought about was being portrayed through her eyes. I could feel myself in her world as it did a complete 360. This story becomes progressively more realistic, deatiled, shocking, and completely compelling. This book gave me a whole new understanding of this dark time in history.	middle
Doesn't get close enough I have never found a circular nose trimmer that trims my hairs close enough and this is no exception. While I like the simple design the hairs at the edge of my nose still stick out after using this, so I threw it out and use the trimmer on my electric face razor, which cuts much more quickly, effectively, and short.	middle
not really a travel book This book was good, but you should know before ou buy it that the only picture is on the cover. Classifying it as a travel book was a bit misleading. This book is a collection of stories that various people, you may have never heard of, have written.	middle
Too long! The whole thing could have been boiled down to less than an hour! Boring watching the cat-people prance and dance after awhile.I had to turn on captions so I could understand any of the songs.	middle
They Don't Make 'Em Like They Used To Recently purchased this grill. With the exception of the grate that holds the charcoal, the thickness of the metal of the grill and the grate that holds the food was much thinner than that of my older grill of the same model/type. The plastic handle on the lid, as another reviewer noticed, definitely gets hot to the touch, unlike the wooden handle on the older version. The food grate has large openings on the sides near its handles which allow for food to fall into the charcoal if one is not careful. It is possible that this grill will last a long time like my older model did, even with the thinner metal (time will tell), but I was somewhat dissappointed with the quality and slight design changes.	middle
Broken upon receipt! These are OK but really not the best quality... They serve a purpose but I am not even sure if they are oven safe. We put them in but I'd be careful.... Not too expensive so I guess you get what you pay for!	middle
Buy the older edition, save money Publishers must think people are complete sheep. The new edition is not critically different from the older copies. The version-mill game is designed to do nothing but eliminate competition from the used book market. (pro tip:the new versions are 99% unchanged, they just want your money)Also, try switching majors before you graduate, a com degree does not make you any more eminently employable than general studies.	middle
Revlon Eye-Glide Eyeshadow Pen This is a fantastic product and can't believe Revlon have discontinued it! I'm constantly on the lookout for it and very pleased I found a supplier on Amazon. It's such an easy product to use, it really does 'glide-on'...lasts all day and the choice of different shades is fantastic. Love this product!!	wonderful
Music is the Medicine This is an amazing CD...buy it!! I discovered it in Albuquerque at the Native American museum and couldn't get enough of it on our road trip to Marfa, Texas and back...it cures the blues in Connecticut, too.I am giving it as a gift to family and friends as well.	wonderful
Best Anime Movie I've Seen One of the most entertaining action films I've ever seen, and definitely the best animated film I've seen. The fight scenes are intense and cool, the dialogue isn't too bad, and the music is great. Finally, they made Ryu the main hero/fighter (which he is in the game) and Guile a secondary character. The story flows perfectly without boring you during the non-fight-scenes. As for the unrelated fight scenes created just for the appearance of the fighters (Zangief, Dhalsim, Blanka) I thought this wasn't too bad cos fans of these characters would be disappointed to find their fav hero isn't in the ultimate anime movie, and there isn't enough room to fit every hero in the same plot. The only error in this film is, what the heck happened to Sagat and Balrog at the end?	wonderful
311 ROCKS!!! This album is INCREDIBLE. The punk guitar riffs, the funk bass lines, dancehall beats, the hard drum line and the genuine vocals! This album goes above and beyond any true 311 fan could expect, and if you are not a fan, it will convert you. They are a genre of their own, no other band compares to 311. 311 is the most original, fan-focused band in the whole world! They are all about the music and the fans. If you have never seen them live, you are not getting the full 311 experience. Buy this album NOW and listen to it over and over. It just gets better and better every time.	wonderful
some Milla trivia I love this CD. It's certainly not perfect, but I want to point out that Milla wrote all of the songs on the CD when she was 15 YEARS OLD, and made the CD soon afterwards. Which enthralls me, but leaves me disappointed. Milla was a supermodel and actress at 11, then made her CD, and promised, in many interviews, that she would continue her musical career, and that she would NOT go back to modeling. Hence my disappointment. Hopefully she'll go back to music someday....	wonderful
Great little Microwave I have no problems with this little microwave. I put a red/green sticker on the off/on buttons so I could see them clearly/faster. It heats foods/drinks fast. Love it!	wonderful
A movie for the whole family! Being a parent of a teenager, I can say that this movie is kid safe. My daughter and I watched this together and were laughing our butts off. There are also some lessons for overly uptight parents to learn here. The biggest being: Let kids be kids- they'll have the rest of their lives to become adults with unrealized dreams. Kids will love it and adults will love it. There's tons of references both will appreciate. Black may set some folks off with Tenacious D. Fair enough. He has the same attitude but it's completely clean. Tenacious D fans should add this to their DVD collections. Non fans should thoroughly enjoy this as well. This movie stands on its own.	wonderful
This book took me to a higher level of home cooking. I found this on Amazon.com at a fantastic price and it came sooner than expected.This book details ways to make ordinary vegetables into a magnificent meal, with or without meat.She also describes how to use ordinary pots or pans on hand to create the best braising results. I was excited to learn simple ways to make ordinary food into exciting meals.The author is an experienced and well traveled chef. I am pleased to recommend this book to friends and family that want home cooked meals that are far from the ordinary experience.Reading and following this book was like cooking with a friend. Her candid writing style made it easy to understand her brasing philosophy and simple to follow the recipes.	wonderful
Peter Pan, a classic for all time My kids are young and love any type of Disney movie. I remember watching this movie on our VHS over and over again and my wife and I jumped at the chance to see it in theaters when Disney played it at the local Cinemark. Our kids loved it so much I surprised them with this after we saw it.It looks great in Blu-ray and the behind the scenes provide hours of learning and fun on the making of this classic movie.	wonderful
Take out your cash, IT'S SO WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a 11 year old girl with a 15 year old brother and a 9 year old sister. I had no interest in this gaming system until I went to the Nintendo World Store in NYC. I tried out the Wii and I absolutly LOVED IT! Luckily, they were in stock so my mom and dad got one for us! I recommend you get more than one controler. It's so cool! It comes with 5 different sports: Baseball, Tennis, Bowling, Golf, and Boxing. It's a fun thing to do with my whole family! On New Years Eve, we were bowling, playing tennis, and a playing a little baseball. We all loved it so much we bought the Zelda game. It's tons of fun. GET THE WII! IT'S AWESOME!	wonderful
Big Fan from Canada! There is too much to say about this group! I saw them live in Ottawa a couple of nights ago, and they are great! It's awesome to finally see a group that can actually play their instruments and sing. And wow can they sing! So after the show I bought their CD. They are so awesome!! "Dare you to move" is my favorite track. To all the fans, or new comers to this group, I suggest you to get this album, it's their best yet. And if they are in your city, go see them and have the time of your life.	wonderful
Ladies of Covinton Send Their Love This is the first of a series...the lives and adventures of the Covington women are wonderful, believable, and something all women over 50 can relate to.	wonderful
The Cowboys The Cowboy Movie Supreme The cowboys is a great western and one of John Waynes best movies. The plot might seem corny, but the cowboys and the rest of the cast make it work, Bruce Dern is psycho when he torrments the young cowboy. The Cowboys is beleivable and better than the average western.	wonderful
Seen it and love it I saw this documentary on tv. I was appauld by the outright disregard for human lives. We are no longer people simply numbers in some coporate paycheck. This documentary proves and shows everything we have always feared. That we are in this by ourselves . our only defense is our power as consumers. You want to take down credit card companies? Want to make them care? Hit them where it hurts in their wallets. Dont apply for credit cards. Take the advice from the other reviews too. buy this dvd and pay cash. Its totally worth it.	wonderful
He is the Master What an amazing book! You just have to love it. Everything you expect from Salinger only more. As the last of his books avilable here I have read it is most definatly the best. If only we could meet these people - Teddy? If you have not read it yet then do, but savour every line!	wonderful
For women of all ages! This book is on my shopping list for the holidays for all the important women in my life, regardless of age. Whether you are pre-adololescent or pre-menopausal this book speaks straight to the heart of womanhood. It's playful and joyful, honest and poignant, and most importantly sends a message of hope to women, young and old celebrating the power of connecting with our feminine spirit. Go buy it! (And keep a copy for yourself...)	wonderful
Shadow Dawn redeems the Willow saga after shaky start in SM After Shadow Moon, I was a little nervous about trying Shadow Dawn, but as a fan of the movie Willow, I had to find out what was going to happen next. The pace of this new one was definitely more even, and Claremont was able to paint a clear picture of the action. Elora Danan takes the center stage literally and figuratively; she is the main character of Shadow Dawn instead of Thorn Drumheller, appropriate enough since it is obvious that this trilogy is her story. It also becomes clear how this hunted and hated Sacred Princess is supposed to be the savior of the thirteen realms. This book takes a place on my bookshelf among few other all time favorites.	good
good pictorial review of petroleum geology This book is a good pictorial review of not only petroleum geology but also of state of geology in the early 19th and 20th century. Its very surprising that the oil companies, even in the early, 1900s did not appreciate the utility of having a petroleum gelologist in their company. The book also tells and shows (in form of good B&W photos) the hardships the geologist had to undergo. The only problem with the book is that the events are not given in a chronological order therefore it difficult to understand the context in many of the instances. Surely, the book is worth a read for everybody in the oil industry. If not a read... it is worth taking a look at the photos. Then, they would really appreciate the works of early petroleum geologists.	good
Etherial Rock Dreamy and fuzzy. Even at it's most up tempo moments this album will not get you dancing. If you want music to doze off to than this is your savior.	good
I didn't realize how huge this would be I read all the reviews for other slow-cookers and decided on this one.It is huge.Next time I use it I will keep it on the 'low' setting. The 'high' setting is only needed to get things started - and I didn't realize that until afterwards. The high setting it just to high and leaves a cooking residue the side.Great crockpot - three settings, huge and easy to clean.	good
Very good I found fear to be one of the best games around now.It is a intense shooter and very challenging.But after playing games like FarCry,Boiling Point and GTA Vice City it seems to be a small step backwards in the gamming community.	good
Funny for the kids We enjoyed this film with our 8 yr old boy. He really liked it. I recommend it to all ages, good family fun	good
Useful, But Limited. This relatively short instructional book is written for people who have never taught preschool children before in a church or Sunday school setting. It contains many useful thoughts, ideas, and tips; but is limited because it is specifically written towards new, preschool Sunday school/church educators. The title is rather misleading in that aspect; I thought this would give me some new ideas or advice for the preschool classes I teach on a daily basis. Instead, all I got were a few useful tips and not much else. Some of the material is a little dated, but the book nevertheless fulfills it's directive for it's intended audience.	good
not for novices, but very good This is an extremely dense book; it covers linear components in one chapter, whereas most textbooks take three. It often requires staring at a circuit, thinking about it in different ways, until you finally see it "their way" and what they are saying makes sense. Electronics is very similar to physics, and this books mirrors that approach by introducing simple approximations first, then teaching you where the simple models break down and you have to employ a second approximation, and so on.	good
Violent underbelly of London An American expelled from Harvard moves to London to be near his sister and gets drawn into the world of football firms or gangs that use their allegience to the local squad as a reason for incredibly violent brawling with rivals. The film is somewhat cliched but still very engaging as it explores a side of British culture rarely explored in commercial films.Well acted for the most part, the violent fight scenes at times degenerate into slow motion blood spitting montages but overall I enjoyed the movie.	good
Your turning on a mutant! The ESL quality of the English subtitles in this movie are nearly as entertaining as the movie itself, and that's saying a lot! My only serious complaint about the DVD is the fact that the subtitles get stuck at one point and the same line--and nothing else--is visible on the screen for at least ten minutes, leaving non-Spanish-speakers to try to figure out what is being said. Anything else awful about this movie (There is plenty!) only makes it that much greater. Bonus points to whatever religion it is that the female lead, Shamara, claims to belong to that requires her to cover her face and pretty much nothing else!	good
Solid, very solid All I can say is 'Hide Nothing' is a good, solid album. Musically, these guys are extremely talented--their change-ups and breaks are very distinctive. The music itself holds its own. I've read some reviews stating that the lyrics are weak. Well, I don't listen to music to ponder the meanig or significance of a song. The lyrics are simple or should I say straight foward. I'm not really sure why they changed lead vocalist again--I know why Carraba left--but the new lead is different from the previous, but good as well. I do reccomend the album, but it needs to be understood that as you make line-up changes, the sound of the band may change as well. In this case---it worked out.	good
simple matt I bought two of these as mats for inside mine and my daughter's tents while camping. Nothing fancy here but for the price I got what I expected. Just a rubber mat with some simple channels to hold any materials or liquid that might drop onto it.	good
great quality and value these sockets have the 'flank' drive like snap-on sockets and almost as good fit and finish for a fraction of the price. one noticeable difference is they are slightly deeper, both in total depth and the inside shoulder is deeper down (allowing the bolt/nut to go in further) which can be undesirable at times. overall still a great set of sockets and lifetime warranty, although I've never actually warrantied anything with gearwrench. I have lots of gearwrench tools and they've held up exceptionally well for years of daily use.	good
One of the funniest books I have ever Read! If your a kender fan you should definately go out and grab this book. Uncle Trapspringer makes for a great story. Some people are complaining that he's not like most kender, which is a relief, it's nice to see some originality here. Also people have been complaining about the fact that he did not live up to the stories that Tasslehoff told of him. Well Tas like most kender EXAGERATES! Of course he isn't quite as legendary as Tas's tales said he was, they were kender tales. All in all this has the whole package, good story, some gullu dwarves (a little bit more intelligent than the norm, but like before it's nice to see some change.Over come by wanderlust (like all kender) Trapspringer ends up traversing Krynn, falling into company with a couple of gully dwarves and an evil fiend. The evil fiend is great, it'll keep you rolling with laughter.So give the book a chance, get it fom the library id you can. You'll probly like it more than you would have thought!	good
Love this book, but check the measurements before ordering! I LOVE the Jillian Jiggs books, I had them when I was little and now read them to my daughter, and she loves them too. As a book review, this is a great addition to the Jillian Jiggs collection!BUT I was very disappointed when my copy arrived in the mail. $4 for a book that measures about 5x5 inches - it's tiny and hard to read because it's so small! Please be sure to check the measurements before you order. Apparently it's been printed in pamphlet size as well as full size - be sure you get the one you want!	good
great but hard to handle when i first had my twins i didn't see the double snap'n'go at any stores only the single one's so for the first 6 months i used a single snap'n'go for the twins. to move around in the stores was great, but i needed another person to push the other stroller. so one day I saw the double snap'n'go. i had to have it so i bought it. everthing was great until I took it to the mall. To move around was horrible i had to fight with it to move right or left. it works better outside where there is more friction. but other then that it's so much better than having to separate stollers.	good
Do not buy... Unless you just need a mixer to decorate your kitchen. If you ever try to use this one, especially for bread, it will break fast. I did worn five of them, all between 14 to 17 months after their first use. Of course warranty was out each time, and when I learned about all the problems people had with this expensive mixer, I was shocked. This mixer is not intend to any dought work. Parts inside are poor quality and worn out really fast. Performances are in the lower range. Sounds like cheap "made in china" mixer. Customer service is horrible, since they are used to deal with so many unsatisfied people.	terrible
Never again I am black (not mixed) and my hair is a little longer than half way down my back. When I used this product my hair became so very hard and kinky I couldn't comb it out. I had to use another shampoo over it in order to soften it so I could comb it. It probably works according to specific hair grades. Definitely not mine!	terrible
Trite and cliche-ridden, written by opportunist What a banal load of crap! Do people really buy this stuff? I read the story of a marginally talented writer taking advantage of a dying man to push national buttons. Yikes this book was terrible. Buy a pound of Hallmark cards next time, you'll get the same insights.	terrible
Poor, Poor Quality This is the poorest quality book I have ever seen. Many pages are hard to read; almost like a dot matrix printer which is running low on ink. Additionally, after three weeks of use, pages three thru thirty FELL OUT!! I take care of my books and have NEVER had this happen! The material itself is good, but it is just a level of quality that I would never expect from a major publisher.	terrible
Ghost Hunters: Echoes from Beyond the Grave. The Possession/Priest and Professor I was disappointed with capital letters. Very bad "ALL". I do not recommend this product.Tessie Martínez	terrible
First novel or deadline+lousy editor? This book is a fine example of what happens to authors to 'make it' as recognized names. First, they can publish their first attempts, which were too lousy to publish then and still are.Second, their editors push them to put out more books, and quality goes to hell.This is a simply terrible book: the writing is poor, the characters weak and the plot is so think as to be laughable.This could not be published by anyone except a well-known author. The fact that it was says a lot about the modern publishing industry.	terrible
not worth the money I ordered this to prevent further scratching of my pricey GPS unit. When it got in I applied it and was quite disappointed in how dark it makes the screen. I use screen protectors on my iPod, my phone, and other devices and this one is the worst. It might protect the screen, but so does a piece of cardboard, and both offer the same amount of transparency. I ended up buying another product called Ivisishiel that works like a champ and doesn't cut down the brightness.	terrible
Wait for Far Cry 2 Poorly written and many many glitches that is about the best that can be said. It is way way over hyped. Absolutely not recommended. Waiting for Far Cry 2	terrible
Failed To Work After a While After a couple of weeks of use, the card failed work losing all the pictures from a trip to Arizona. Attempts to format and stick into card readers have failed. For the record, my camera is a Fuji FinePix 2800 Zoom.I am likely to think twice about buying another PNY product (I have a third video card by PNY which is adaquete but could be better).	terrible
Be Careful What You Purchase My only real issue is that once you purchase something you can NEVER get rid of it. I called Amazon support today to have two books removed that were purchased by my roommate on my Kindle and they told me I could not have them removed. I did not want my money back, I did not want credit... the only thing I asked is that they be removed from my account and I was told "we can not do that". If I purchase something, I should be able to throw it away.	terrible
An answer to this book The book: "Thirty Years as Jehovah's Slave" gives an answer to the negative approach of this book. Jehovah's Witnesses are not "evil" people with evil intentions. They sincerely try to do what God requires of them. For an unbiased reading of their beliefs, this book by Jeffrey J. Neumann provides a refreshing and not "preachy" look into why Jehovah's Witnesses believe as they do. Well worth reading. Available from Amazon. Look under "Thirty Years as Jehovah's (NOT WATCHTOWER) Slave".	terrible
crummy product product is poorly designed (made in china), and is mislabeled because there's no way the one of the product pictures depicting a 120lbs female pushing the aerator like a self-propelled mower could work. if you can bench 300lbs and squat 500, then "pushing" the aerator is about the same as hand-plowing--without the ox. Plastic between spikes breaks immediately, the sides plow into the turf, and the handles are impossibly made for pushing unless you want to break your wrist every 3 seconds that the thing gets stuck.Also mislabled because concrete blocks are neither heavy enough nor stay on without 40 bungee cords--being solid, they also bounce around too much. The only weights that somewhat work are bags of lead shot (heavy enough, don't bounce around) or sand bags.Pushing is too hard, pulling doesn't spike deep enough.whoever designed this ought to go back and finish elementary school.	terrible
Backboard broken after 3 years The back board was broken after 3 years in normal use. We do not use it a lot. I'm looking for replacement to fix it. What's my other choice, dig it out and throw it away?	terrible
NOOOoo more changes The changes made to the film destroy some of the series brilliant moments. Picture might look slightly better but id rather watch one of the better versions of the film. Bonus material is weak as well. They could of included much more and yet it seems theyre holding back. Probably to include it in a new and "improved" version of the blurays theyll want you to buy next year. With a digitally remastered yoda in empire strikes back! Ugh	terrible
Not suitable for beginners This product is simply awful for beginners. Don't buy this unless you already have a good basic knowledge of the language.	terrible
I don't see the big deal about Tomothy Zahn!!!! Zahn is VERY unrealistic! The Grand Admiral is supposed to be so smart that he can figure anything out, even when there is not enough info to come to his conclusions! Many of the Grand Admirals conclusions are IMPOSSIBLE. They are more like guesses, but Zahn just writes it off to the Admiral being a genius. Zahn should take a few classes in Logic and Philosophy.	terrible
Not all it's cracked up to be I read this book because in all the investment and self motivational books I've read it's been recommended. What I found were a lot of outdated examples from Eddison, and Ford. The title says it all. If you think and believe you'll grow rich, you will. There I just saved you from having to order this book.I do however reccommend the rich dad poor dad series I preferred that and was far more motivated.	bad
sugar coated The best account of Pat Tillman can be learned from his family and friends in "The Tillman Story" not in the biography channel presentation.	bad
So-So Magazine It's not the worst magazine that I've subscribed to, but the reviews and articles are usually about high-end equipment that are maybe affordable to the top 5-10% of working Americans. In addition, the articles seem more like advertisements than reviews, with little explanation of the technology behind the products.If you have a lot of money to spend on very highly priced equipment, and want a few suggestions on which expensive components to purchase, this may be the magazine for you. However, if you are an average consumer looking for sound advice on a variety of equipment, this is certainly not a publication for you. Keep looking for another magazine.	bad
Constant Update There really is in my opinion the only thing that I liked above other security software is the email checking.On the negative side the software is constantly updating itself which on my PC slowed it down or stopped other use. When doing a virus check with only 25G in use it would completely stop all other use for over an hour (I could play solitare if I didn't change games).	bad
Needs reformatting While this CD-Rom is pretty good as far as content and info, the format really needs an overhaul. The window overall is too small. Something like 6x6, which makes for smaller images. And there is no way to enlarge any of the images. Also, navigation needs to be more intuitive. It's not very user friendly to go back and forth between fields for information. Praise is given for content, but one would be better off with a book version.	bad
Tall Dolores I didn't get very far in this book so it's a little unfair to say it stinks. Lets just say it wasn't my cup of tea. It seemed like every line of dialogue spoken by every body, but especially our hero, was a wise crack. And not funny wise cracks, just wise cracks. Maybe some enjoy that style of flippancy but I don't.	bad
Tennis Shoes Nice looking shoe, but as of yet I am having a hard time getting them broke in. The soles to me are extremely hard not allowing for a lot of flexibility.	bad
A Bore A friend borrowed this book to me. I tried to read it. I could not finish it. I can see why some people would like this book but I am not one of those people, I guess. This is only my opinion but I think this book is a bore. Get Population:485 by Michael Perry instead.I like Keillor's voice a lot beter than this book.	bad
A waste of time... I really enjoyed 'The Other Boleyn Sister' and was anxious to read more from the author. This book was a waste of time! I was more than half-way through the book when I realized I didn't care what happened to any of the characters and that most of the book wasn't even logical. For instance, the lead slave seemed to learn to speak English AND write in two chapters, the love affair between the lead slave and Frances was not even a little bit believable, not to mention the 'secret'pregnancy. I can't believe this is the same author. I will try to read other books from Ms. Gregory, but I would not recommend this one to anyone.	bad
Tim Aden McLaughlin went a little too far with this album. Although McLaughlin's guitar playing sounds sensational, it also sounds like a big show in his honor. He should try to give more credit to the other members of his band by giving them a chance to be heard. If you do like to here endless and at times pointless guitar playing then this is definitley the album for you.	bad
GOOD CONCEPT POOR EXECUTION THIS PRODUCT APPEARS TO BE DESIGNED TO USE AS A WASTE PUSHER AND A DRAIN COVER THAT ALLOWS WATER AND SMALLER WASTE TO DRAIN WHILE PROVIDING A SHIELD TO PREVENT SPLASH BACK FROM THE DRAIN WHEN THE DISPOSER IS WORKING.THE PUSHER FUNCTIONS WELL BUT THE DIMENSIONS OF THE UPPER PART OF THE DEVICE DO NOT PERMIT IT TO FIT INTO THE OPENING OF THE INSINKERATOR DISPOSER AS WELL SOME OTHER MOST POPULAR BRANDS OF DISPOSER.A LITTLE MORE ATTENTION SHOULD BE PAID TO MAKING THE DESIGN DIMENSIONS MORE UNIVERSALLY COMPATIBLE.	bad
Great when I don't have to send it in for repair. I have owned 3 different garmin gps units. The GPS V is great when it is working but it has just broken for the second time (won't power on at all) so I have to send it back to Garmin for repair. The last time I sent it to them for repair I had to send it to them twice before they actually repaired it.	bad
Worked great while it lasted... ...which ended up being about 6 months. After that the dvd laser only worked when it felt like it, which wasn't very often. Now it will only play cd's since they use a seperate laser. I'd suggest getting something else, unless you're just wanting one to hold you over.	bad
cheap and performs like it I bought a new grill and wanted to make sure it was used properly. I don't like it when small pieces of food fall through, especially on gas grills, so I bought this. Well, on first use it stained so bad, despite my priming it, and worse, it warped. Hey, I can still use it. But it's kinda like wearing soiled clothes... won't feel as good.	bad
Not the booked I'd hoped it would be This book was mislabled when they gave it the title of Parenting and Only Child. Its not so much about parenting an only child as it is about WHY people choose to have an only child, and what to say to those who ask if you're going to have another one. I was greatly disappointed.	bad
looks good Had a big button GE phone that worked well so bought another one. This unit's microphone cannot pick up anything so the speakerphone feature is useless (you can hear but noone can really hear you talk). What you end up sounding like is every first word you say is dropped and intermittently misses other words you say in a sentence- and this is standing right by the the phone with my mouth two inches away from the location of the mic. Pros: Buttons are big enough and screen is big enough to see the caller id and number.	bad
