Tuwairqi Steel Mills Limited Karachi  The Tuwairqi Steel Mills Limited (TSML) is a vertically integrated multinational Steel mill headquartered in Karachi Sindh Province of Pakistan.An environmentally friendly and established by a private sector the steel mill is co-financed by the Al-Tuwairqi Holdings (Saudi Arabia) POSCO (South Korea) and Arif Habib STeel Mill (Pakistan) and currently aiming to compete against the Pakistan Steel Mills (PSM) at the Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) indexes.	company
Schramsberg Vineyards  Schramsberg Vineyards is a winery located in Calistoga California in the Napa Valley region. The vineyard which was originally founded in 1862 produces a series of sparkling wines using the same method as champagne. Schramsberg is considered one of the premium brands in the production of sparkling wine in California and the first U.S.	company
U.S. Repeating Arms Company  The U.S. Repeating Arms Company. Inc. (USRAC) is the current business name of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company famous for making Winchester rifles.USRAC's predecessor company adopted the Winchester name in 1866 when Oliver Winchester reorganized the New Haven Arms Company and changed its name to the Winchester Repeating Arms Company. In 1931 Western Cartridge Company (later Olin Corporation) purchased Winchester Repeating Arms and combined with it to form Winchester-Western.	company
Abu Dhabi Film Commission  Abu Dhabi Film Commission (ADFC) is a government agency formed to support the development of Abu Dhabi's film and TV industry. Its mission is to promote the Emirate of Abu Dhabi as a production destination to generate economic benefits for the region and increased job opportunity for its residences.	company
Jah Warrior  Jah Warrior is a United Kingdom roots reggae/dub production team record label sound system and musical group centred around Steve Mosco.	company
JVC  Victor Company of Japan Ltd (日本ビクター株式会社 Nippon Bikutā Kabushiki-gaisha) TYO: 6792 usually referred to as JVC is a Japanese international consumer and professional electronics corporation based in Yokohama Japan. Founded in 1927 the company is best known for introducing Japan's first televisions and for developing the Video Home System (VHS) video recorder. In 2008 JVC merged with Kenwood Corporation to create JVC Kenwood Holdings.	company
TrainOSE  TrainOSE S.A. (Greek: ΤραινΟΣΕ Α.Ε. pronounced trenosé) is a railway company in Greece which currently operates all passenger and freight trains on OSE lines. The company formerly a subsidiary of the Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE) has been from 2008 an independent state-owned company. TrainOSE employs all train crews operators and manages the rail services throughout the Greek railway network but does not own any rolling stock leasing rolling stock owned by OSE instead.	company
Venan Entertainment  Venan Entertainment Inc. is a mobile and handheld game development studio based in Middletown Connecticut. Founded in 2002 Venan began primarily as a Java/Brew-based mobile phone game developer but has since branched off to develop games for Nintendo DS iPod and iPhone OS. Venan's most recent titles include their fifth fully independent self-published title Book of Heroes and the TouchArcade and EGM Game of the Year Space Miner: Space Ore Bust. Both are available for the iOS devices.	company
Haus Publishing  Haus Publishing is a London-based publishing company which was formally established in 2002.	company
Bukowskis  Bukowskis is a Scandinavian fine art and antique auction house established in 1870 by the Polish nobleman Henryk Bukowski in Stockholm Sweden. In 1979 an office was opened in Helsinki Finland.	company
TM4 Electrodynamic Systems  TM4 Electrodynamic Systems is a subsidiary of government-owned public utility Hydro-Québec established in 1998 active in the development of electric car motors and related power systems.	company
Wing Zone  Wing Zone is an Atlanta-based American restaurant chain that specializes in deep-fried food products; especially buffalo wings. There are roughly 100 Wing Zone locations in 25 American states usually in urban areas. Wing Zone has been featured on The Food Network's Roker on the Road Entrepreneur Magazine and others. Wing Zone has also won many awards such as National Festival Favorite at the 2004 National Buffalo Wing Festival. Wing Zone offers both take-out and delivery.	company
Fresh to Order  Fresh to Order (f2o) is an Atlanta Fine fast casual dining franchise restaurant.	company
Travis Perkins  Travis Perkins plc (LSE: TPK) is a British builders' merchant and home improvement retailer based in Northampton and is a supplier of building materials. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.	company
1HDTV  ZАО 1HDTV is a Russian TV company specialized in creating channels for satellite and cable transmission. The company was founded in 2007 in St. Petersburg. General Director is Nikolai Orlov.There are over 770000 subscribers of 1HDTV channels in the Moscow and the Moscow Region and more than 210000 viewers in St. Petersburg and the Leningrad Region. All over Russia 1HDTV has more than 6200000 subscribers.	company
Coast & Country Housing Limited  Coast and Country is a Registered Housing Provider located in the north of England and established in 2001. It took over the ownership and management of homes from Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council in July 2002. Its rental housing stock stood at 10309 properties in April 2008.The company is a 'not for profit' company limited by guarantee and regulated by the Tenant Services Authority.As of 2010 the Chief Executive is Iain Sim.	company
Butte College  Butte College is a community college in the Butte - Glenn Community College District which is located in northern California between the towns of Chico Oroville and Paradise approximately 80 miles (129 km) north of the state capital. The college is a two-year institution fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) with educational centers in Chico and Orland.	educationalinstitution
Timpview High School  Timpview High School abbreviated THS is a public secondary school located in Provo Utah. Timpview is a 4A school and is part of the Provo City School District. The current principal is Dr. Todd Mckee. Clay Bingham Ford White and Chris Chilcoat are the vice-principals.	educationalinstitution
University of Michigan School of Music Theatre & Dance  The University of Michigan School of Music Theatre & Dance is an undergraduate and graduate institution for the performing arts in the United States. It is part of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. The school was founded in 1880 as the Ann Arbor School of Music and it was later incorporated into the University of Michigan.	educationalinstitution
Crescent Convent School  Crescent Convent School in Dildarnagar Uttar Pradesh India is situated at dildarnagar by pass road. It is one of the first English CBSE School in Dildarnagar. The Crescent Convent School a centre of excellence for education aims at producing a new breed of technocrats with the competitive edge to match both national and international standards.	educationalinstitution
Tomsk Polytechnic University  Tomsk Polytechnic University (TPU) in Tomsk Russia is the oldest technical university in Russia east of the Urals. The university was founded in 1896 and opened in 1900 as the Tomsk Technological Institute. In 1923 the school was renamed the Siberian Technological Institute and in 1930 the institute was split into five divisions three of which remained in Tomsk. In 1934 the three institutes in Tomsk reunited to form a new institute that would be named the Tomsk Polytechnic Institute.	educationalinstitution
Vidura College Nawala  Vidura College – Colombo is a secondary school in Sri Lanka imparting education in English. The school maintains a balance between the English Sinhala and Tamil languages and cultures as well as promoting the national culture traditions and heritage.	educationalinstitution
Bun-sgoil Taobh na Pàirce  Bun-sgoil Taobh na Pàirce (English: Parkside Primary School referring to the adjoining Pilrig Park) is a Gaelic medium primary school in Edinburgh Scotland. Administered by the City of Edinburgh Council the school is open to any parents in the city or surrounding areas who wish to have their children learn and be educated through Scottish Gaelic.	educationalinstitution
SEGi University  SEGi University founded in 1977 as Systematic College is located in Kuala Lumpur.SEGi University is a private university in Malaysia with more than 23000 students at its campus in UEP Subang Jaya Kota Damansara Kuala Lumpur Penang and Sarawak.SEGi University offers programmes affiliated with Sheffield University University of Abertay Dundee University of Sunderland & the University of Greenwich both in United Kingdom University of Southern Queensland Australia and Upper Iowa University in the United States.	educationalinstitution
Dene Magna School  Dene Magna School is a secondary school in Mitcheldean Gloucestershire England previously known as Abenhall Comprehensive School. The school is mixed and has 747 pupils aged between 11 and 16. In 2005 the school was awarded a place on Ofsted's Honours List of 234 high-achieving schools. The headmaster is Stephen Brady - replacing Robert Broadbridge in December 2009. In 2008 the school continued their good reputation as they had another outstanding Ofsted report.	educationalinstitution
Telecom SudParis  Telecom SudParis (ex Telecom INT) is a French state-funded Grande École for engineers accredited by the Commission des titres d'ingénieur.	educationalinstitution
Central China Normal University  Central China Normal University (CCNU) (Chinese: 华中师范大学 traditional Chinese characters: 華中師範大學 Pinyin: Huázhōng Shīfàn Dàxué) located in Wuhan China is a university directly under the control of the Chinese Ministry of Education.CCNU is a key normal university directly administered by PRC Ministry of Education.	educationalinstitution
Valampuri Vaduganathan Higher Secondary School  The Valampuri Vaduganathan Higher Secondary School is a government aided school in Ponnamaravathi established and managed by the Vaduganathan family.	educationalinstitution
Concord Law School  Concord Law School (also known as Concord University School of Law) is a private for-profit online law school based in Los Angeles California. It is currently known as Concord Law School of Kaplan University. The school is a subsidiary of the Kaplan Higher Education Corporation. All lecture and study sessions are delivered entirely from a secure website on the Internet.	educationalinstitution
University of Rome Tor Vergata  The University of Rome II also known as University of Rome Tor Vergata (Italian: Università degli Studi di Roma Tor Vergata) is a public research university located in Rome Italy. It was established in 1981 with the goal of providing high quality education for students preparing to meet the ever-evolving needs and opportunities of the 21st century workforce. Despite its young age Tor Vergata has already reached high quality standards in Italy and Europe.	educationalinstitution
Schutz American School Alexandria  The Schutz American School is an independent coeducational day school which offers an educational program from prekindergarten (Early Childhood Program) through grade 12 for students of all nationalities. It is the oldest American school in Africa founded in 1924. The school year comprises two semesters extending from late August through mid-June.	educationalinstitution
Collège-lycée Ampère  The Collège-lycée Ampère is a famous school located in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	educationalinstitution
T. Brinda  Thanjavur Brinda (1912-1996) was one of the representatives of the Veenai Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music. She was primarily a vocalist although she also played the Veenai. She is affectionately referred to as 'Brindamma' by her fans.	artist
Tore Johansen  Tore Johansen (born 23 December 1977 in Bodø Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (trumpet) the younger brother of drummer Roger Johansen (b. 1972) and known from cooperations with Chick Corea Karin Krog Kenny Wheeler Steve Swallow Lars Jansson Hal Galper Siri Gellein and Jan Gunnar Hoff.	artist
Padmanath Gohain Baruah  Padmanath Gohain Baruah (Assamese: পদ্মনাথ গোহাঞি বৰুৱা; 1871-1946) was the first president of Asam Sahitya Sabha and a prominent name in the early part of modern Assamese literature. He was a novelist poet dramatist of excellence analyst and a though provoking writer. Considering his towering personality and profound knowledge he is regarded as the Pitamaha (great grandfather) in Assamese literary world.	artist
José Argüelles  José Argüelles born Joseph Anthony Arguelles (/ɑrˈɡweɪ.ɨs/; Rochester Minnesota January 24 1939 – March 23 2011) was an American New Age author and artist. He was the founder of Planet Art Network and the Foundation for the Law of Time. He held a Ph.D. in Art History and Aesthetics from the University of Chicago and taught at numerous colleges including Princeton University the University of California Davis the San Francisco Art Institute and Evergreen State College.	artist
Karen Kong  Karen Kong (simplified Chinese: 龚柯允; traditional Chinese: 龔柯允) is a Malaysian Chinese singer.	artist
John Kass  John Kass is a Chicago Tribune columnist.The son of a Greek immigrant grocer Kass was born June 25 1956 on the South Side of Chicago and grew up there and in Oak Lawn IL. He held many jobs - retailer ditch digger waiter - before becoming a student of film at Columbia College in Chicago. There he worked in the student newspaper and gained the attention of Daryle Feldmeir president of the media department and previous editor of the Chicago Daily News.	artist
August Rigo  Dan August Rigo or better known professionally as August Rigo (born August 6 1986) is a recording artist songwriter producer and musician. August Rigo is signed to a publishing contract with Sony/ATV as a songwriter.	artist
Rama Ravi  Rama Ravi is a Carnatic vocalist and recipient of the Sangita Kala Acharya award from the Madras Music Academy.	artist
Derek McCulloch (comics)  Derek McCulloch is an author of graphic novels comics books for children and plays who was born in Ottawa in 1964 raised in Grande Prairie Alberta and lives in Oakland California.	artist
Antonio Morelli  Antonio Morelli was a producer arranger bandleader movie producer and conductor most well known for serving as orchestra leader for the infamous Sands Hotel Copa Room in its Rat Pack heyday from 1954 through 1971. He was music director band leader and friend to some of the biggest names in show business for twenty years and is credited with bringing classical music to Las Vegas.	artist
Inturi Venkateswara Rao  Inturi Venkateswara Rao (Telugu: ఇంటూరి వెంకటేశ్వరరావు) known as Inturi (July 1 1909 - 2002) was an Indian freedom fighter Trade unionist writer and film journalist.	artist
Filippo Gagliardi  Filippo Gagliardi (died 1659) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period active mainly in Rome. He collaborated with Filippo Lauri and Andrea Sacchi. He also helped in the renovation of San Martino ai Monti (1647–54). He contributed illustrated architectural perspectives to Ferrari's Hesperides (1646) and became principe of the Accademia di San Luca (1656–57). He also appears to confused with Giovanni Francesco Gagliardi.	artist
Charlie Viracola  Charles Charlie Viracola (born June 24 1963) is an American stand-up comedian from Los Angeles California. He is relatively well known among comedy fans in the United States Canada England and Europe.[citation needed] He was born to an engineer father and teacher mother and is 3/4 Italian 1/4-European and Native American Indian Mixed.Charlie Viracola has appeared on several television comedy shows since his 2001 appearance on Premium Blend.	artist
Felipe Pigna  Felipe Pigna born in Mercedes Buenos Aires in 1959 is an Argentine historian and writer. He is among the best selling book authors from Argentina.	artist
Gil Sharone  Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan. He was also a fill in for punk rock band +44. His twin brother is Rani Sharone also of Stolen Babies.Gil supported Mark Hoppus's band +44 when Travis Barker broke his arm. Gil toured around Europe and Australia with +44 in early 2007 it is believed he learned all of +44's setlist on the flight from America to Europe.	artist
Rajko Kojić  Radislav Rajko Kojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радислав-Рајко Којић) (April 12 1956 – April 11 1997) was a Serbian and former Yugoslav guitarist best known for his work with band Riblja Čorba.	artist
Mauro dos Santos  Mauro Javier dos Santos (born 7 July 1989 in Santo Tomé) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Murcia.	thlete
Jacqueline Freney  Jacqueline Rose Freney OAM (born 6 June 1992) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. At the 2012 London Games she broke Siobhan Paton's Australian record of six gold medals at a single Games by winning her seventh gold medal in the Women's 400 m Freestyle S7. She finished the Games with eight gold medals more than any other participant in the Games.	thlete
Alessandro Viana da Silva  Alessandro Viana da Silva (born August 10 1982) known as Alessandro is a Brazilian footballer.	thlete
Ben Te'o  Ben Te'o pronounced teh oh (born 27 January 1987 in New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League (NRL) competition.Te'o is a Samoan international and previously played for the Wests Tigers and the Brisbane Broncos. He primarily plays in the second-row.	thlete
Chris Hegarty (Scottish footballer)  Chris Hegarty (born 24 July 1984) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	thlete
Paulo Magalhaes  Paulo Cezar Magalhães Lobos (born December 14 1989 in Porto Alegre Brazil) is a Brazilian-born Chilean footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Chilean club Universidad de Chile.	thlete
Kwon Sun-tae  Kwon Sun-Tae (Korean: 권순태; born September 11 1984) is a South Korean football player. He currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.	thlete
Serhiy Symonenko  Serhiy Symonenko (Ukrainian: Сергій Юрійович Симоненко; born 12 June 1981) is a Ukrainian footballer who last lime played for Uzbek League club Bunyodkor PFK.Symonenko started his career in Russia with Torpedo Moscow and then Alania Vladikavkaz before joining Chornomorets Odessa in 2002. After making over 100 appearances in all competitions for Chornomorets he joined Arsenal Kyiv for the start of the 2007–08 season. In 2004 he played for the Ukraine national team.	thlete
Gene Strenicer  Jeno Gene Strenicer is a retired Canadian soccer player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League. He earned eight caps with the Canadian men's national soccer team between 1977 and 1980.	thlete
Eli Davies  Eli Davies was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s playing at representative level for Other Nationalities and at club level for Wigan as a Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e. number 6.	thlete
Rafael Romo  Rafael Enrique Romo Pérez (born February 25 1990 in Turén Venezuela) is a Venezuelan goalkeeper who plays for Mineros de Guayana on loan for Udinese.	thlete
Andrew Merrington  Andrew Merrington (born 27 November 1978) is an Australian rules footballer.Merrington played TAC Cup football for the Calder Cannons but was not immediately drafted and went to play for St Bernard's Old Collegians in the VAFA. Following a year at St Bernard's he was recruited to the AFL by the Carlton Football Club in the 1999 National Draft Merrington was considered a future key position/ruckman prospect.	thlete
Johnny Watwood  John Clifford Watwood [Lefty] (August 17 1905 – March 1 1980) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball playing mainly at center field for three different teams between the 1929 and 1939 seasons. Listed at 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m) 186 lb. Watwood batted and threw left-handed. A native of Alexander City Alabama he attended Auburn University.	thlete
Michel Archambault  Michel Pit Archambault (born September 27 1950 in Saint-Hyacinthe Quebec) was a Canadian ice hockey left wing. He began his major junior career with the Quebec Junior Hockey League Drummondville Rangers in 1969. He spent most of his career with the Dallas Black Hawks with one year with the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association and one year with the Maine Nordiques of the North American Hockey League.	thlete
Inka Wesely  Inka Wesely is a German football defender currently playing for Turbine Potsdam in Germany's Frauen Bundesliga.As an Under-19 international she won the 2010 U-20 World Cup.	thlete
Billy Knipper  William Peter Knipper (9 August 1882 Rochester New York – 7 September 1968 Rochester New York) was an American racecar driver.	thlete
Mutassim Gaddafi  Mutassim Billah Gaddafi (Arabic: مُعْتَصِمٌ بِٱللهِ ٱلْقَذَّافِيّ‎ also transliterated as Moatassem or Al-Mu'tasim; 18 December 1974 – 20 October 2011) was a Libyan Army officer and the National Security Advisor of Libya from 2008 until 2011. He was the fourth son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and a member of his father's inner circle. His mother was Safia Farkash. He was captured during the Battle of Sirte by anti-Gaddafi forces and executed along with his father.	officeholder
William W. Sale  William W. Sale was the forty-fifth mayor of Charleston South Carolina serving one term from 1877 to 1879. He was born in September 1819 in South Carolina and married Edith Cleapor in about 1871. Before being elected Sale worked as a teller at the First National Bank in Charleston. Sale was endorsed by the Charleston News & Courier and he was elected on December 11 1877 by a margin of 5288 to 1924 in an election again D.F. Fleming. Sale was inducted on December 17 1877.	officeholder
Miguel López de Legazpi  Miguel López de Legazpi(c. 1502 – August 20 1572) also known as El Adelantado and El Viejo (The Elder) was a Basque Spanish navigator and governor who established the first Spanish settlement in the East Indies when his expedition crossed the Pacific Ocean from the Viceroyalty of New Spain in modern-day Mexico and founded Cebu on the Philippine Islands in 1565.	officeholder
Ross Malcolm Jansen  Sir Ross Malcolm Jansen KBE (6 September 1932 – 15 December 2010) was mayor of Hamilton New Zealand from 1977 to 1989.	officeholder
John Pendleton King  John Pendleton King (April 3 1799 – March 19 1888) was a United States Senator from Georgia.Born in Glasgow Kentucky King moved in infancy with his parents to Bedford County Tennessee and then to Augusta Georgia in 1815. He graduated from the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta and studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1819 and practiced in Augusta.	officeholder
Julian Bond  Horace Julian Bond (born January 14 1940) known as Julian Bond is an American social activist and leader in the American civil rights movement politician professor and writer. While a student at Morehouse College in Atlanta Georgia during the early 1960s he helped to establish the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). He was the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center.	officeholder
Fuad Yusifov  Captain First Class Fuad Yusifov was the Commander of Azerbaijani Naval Forces. He was replaced in 1999 by a Vice Admiral Shahin Sultanov.	officeholder
Anthony J. Celebrezze Jr.  Anthony Joseph Tony Celebrezze Jr. (September 8 1941 – July 4 2003) was an American politician of the Democratic party who served as Ohio Attorney General Ohio Secretary of State and an Ohio State Senator. He was the son of Anthony J. Celebrezze Sr.	officeholder
Viktor Golovanov  Lieutenant-General Viktor Vladimirovich Golovanov (Виктор Владимирович Голованов; born in May 2 1959 in Moscow Russia) is a Russian policeman who was the acting Moscow Police Commissioner (May - June 2012) after the previous chief Vladimir Kolokoltsev was appointed as the Federal Minister for Internal Affairs.	officeholder
Constantine Chiwenga  General Constantine Chiwenga is Commander of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces.	officeholder
Matthias Nicoll  Matthias Nicoll (1630 – December 22 1687) aka Nicolls was the 6th Mayor of New York City from 1672 to 1673.He is the patriarch of the Nicoll family which settled and owned much of Long Island New York. Numerous place names on the island now bear the Nicoll name.He lived in Islip Northamptonshire and practiced law there. He was son of a minister. In 1664 he came to the United States with Richard Nicolls.	officeholder
Timothy Daniel Sullivan  Timothy Daniel Sullivan (29 May 1827 – 31 March 1914) was an Irish nationalist journalist politician and poet who wrote the Irish national hymn God Save Ireland in 1867. He was born at Bantry County Cork.	officeholder
Gabriele Adorno  Gabriele Adorno (1320–1398) was the fourth Doge of Genoa. A member of the noble Adorno family he was elected on 14 March 1363 to succeed Simone Boccanegra who had died in office; he remained in the position until 13 August 1370 and was succeeded by Domenico di Campofregoso.Adorno is a character in Giuseppe Verdi's opera Simon Boccanegra; he is the tenor lead and is the love interest of Boccanegra's daughter. In the opera Boccanegra names Adorno his successor before dying.	officeholder
William Keppel 4th Earl of Albemarle  William Charles Keppel 4th Earl of Albemarle GCH PC (14 May 1772 – 30 October 1849) briefly styled Viscount Bury between May and October 1772 was a British Whig politician.	officeholder
Christos Patsalides  Christos Patsalides is a Cypriot Lawyer politician and a former Minister of Health of the Republic of Cyprus. He was also the president of the Sixty-fourth World Health Assembly.	officeholder
Thomas E. Bramlette  Thomas Elliott Bramlette (January 3 1817 – January 12 1875) was the 23rd Governor of Kentucky. He was elected in 1863 and guided the state through the latter part of the Civil War and the beginning of Reconstruction. At the outbreak of the war Bramlette put his promising political career on hold and enlisted in the Union Army raising and commanding the 3rd Kentucky Infantry. In 1862 President Abraham Lincoln appointed him district attorney for Kentucky.	officeholder
RRS William Scoresby  RRS William Scoresby was British Royal Research Ship built for operations in Antarctic waters. Specially built for the Discovery Committee by Cook Welton & Gemmell of Beverley the ship was launched on 31 December 1925 and named after the noted 19th-century Arctic explorer scientist and clergyman. Over the next 12 years the ship made seven voyages into Antarctic waters as part of the Discovery Investigations accompanied by the ship Discovery until 1929 and then by Discovery II.	meanoftransportation
USS Yuma (1865)  USS Yuma a single-turreted twin-screw monitor was laid down at Cincinnati OH by Alexander Swift and Co. and launched on 30 May 1865. A Casco-class light-draft monitor she was intended for service in the shallow bays rivers and inlets of the Confederacy. These warships sacrificed armor plate for a shallow draft and were fitted with a ballast compartment designed to lower them in the water during battle.	meanoftransportation
USS Sidney C. Jones (1861)  USS Sidney C. Jones (1861) was a 254-ton schooner purchased by the Union Navy during the first year of the American Civil War. The Navy outfitted Sidney C. Jones with a heavy 13-inch mortar for use in bombardment and assigned her to operations on the Mississippi River where Union forces were attempting to obtain control of the river in order to split the Confederate States of America in two.	meanoftransportation
Fiat Brevetti  The Brevetti is automobile presented by Fiat in 1905 as a result following the acquisition of the Ansaldi company in the same year. With the Ansaldi Fiat prepared the 10-12 HP renamed “Brevetti” in 1906.	meanoftransportation
HMS Repulse (1794)  HMS Repulse was a Dutch hoy that the Admiralty purchased in 1794. She was commissioned into the Royal Navy in March 1794 under Lieutenant George Hill. She and several of her sister ships (Lion Eagle Scorpion and Tiger) formed part of a short-lived squadron under Philippe d'Auvergne at Jersey. In 1795 under Lieutenant Jackson Dowsing in the Channel. The navy sold her April 1795 for breaking up.	meanoftransportation
French frigate Bellone (1807)  Bellone was a 44-gun Consolante-class frigate of the French Navy.	meanoftransportation
USS Lancaster (1858)  The first USS Lancaster was a screw sloop-of-war in the United States Navy during the American Civil War through the Spanish-American War. The first Lancaster was laid down by the Philadelphia Navy Yard in December 1857; launched 20 October 1858; sponsored by Miss Harriet Lane niece and official hostess of President James Buchanan; and commissioned 12 May 1859 Captain John Rudd in command.	meanoftransportation
Southern Pacific 1237  Southern Pacific 1237 is an S-10 class 0-6-0 steam locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works. The locomotive was put in service August 31 1918 and retired August 19 1956 it was donated to the City of Salinas California by the Southern Pacific Railroad in the summer of 1957. 1237 is an oil fired yard switcher.	meanoftransportation
Embraer R-99  The Embraer R-99 and P-99 are military versions of the ERJ 145 civil regional jet. The R-99 series are equipped with Rolls-Royce AE 3007 turbofan engines. The military versions provide 20% more thrust than the civil version. The first flight was in 1999.	meanoftransportation
Hawker Siddeley P.1154  The Hawker Siddeley P.1154 was a planned supersonic vertical/short take-off and landing (V/STOL) fighter aircraft designed by Hawker Siddeley Aviation (HSA). Developed alongside the subsonic and smaller Hawker Siddeley P.1127/Kestrel the P.1154 was derived from the P.1150. The P.1150 proposal did not meet NATO Basic Military Requirement 3 and consequently the P.1154 was born. This Mach 2-capable platform retained plenum chamber burning previously designed for the P.1150.	meanoftransportation
USS Wasp (SP-1159)  Although not officially counted among the ten U.S. Navy ships named Wasp because she was never entered into the Naval Vessel Register a steel-hulled motorboat named USS Wasp (SP-1159) performed patrol duties under lease to the U.S. Navy in 1917.Wasp was built in 1910 at the Superior Shipbuilding Company and was owned by W. S. Pattison of Duluth Minnesota in 1917 when the U.S. Navy inspected the ship in the 9th Naval District for possible service.	meanoftransportation
USS Swordfish (SS-193)  USS Swordfish (SS-193) a Sargo-class submarine was the first submarine of the United States Navy named for the swordfish a large fish with a long swordlike beak and a high dorsal fin. She was the first United States Navy submarine to sink a Japanese ship during World War II.	meanoftransportation
USS Siren (1862)  USS Siren (1862) was a 214-ton steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the second year of the American Civil War. The Navy outfitted Siren with two 24-pounder howitzers for use in bombardment and assigned her to operations on the Mississippi River where Union forces were attempting to maintain control of the river in order to split the Confederate States of America in two.	meanoftransportation
Japanese destroyer Karukaya  The Karukaya (刈萱) was a Wakatake-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy. One of a class of eight 2nd-class destroyers the ship was built by the Fujinagata Shipyard in Osaka Japan. She was laid down on 16 May 1922 launched 19 March 1923 and commissioned 20 August 1923 as Dai-18-Go Kuchikukan the name being changed to Karukaya on 1 August 1928.	meanoftransportation
Lockheed L-133  The Lockheed L-133 was designed to be the first jet fighter of the US Forces during the first half of World War II.	meanoftransportation
Asherah (submarine)  Asherah was the first commercially built American research submersible used by archaeologist George F. Bass to examine underwater sites. It was named after Asherah an ancient Semitic goddess known as she who treads on the sea.The two-man submarine was built by General Dynamics Groton Connecticut USA and could dive to a depth of 600 feet (180 m).	meanoftransportation
Busan Marine Natural History Museum  The Busan Marine Natural History Museum is a museum displaying exhibits on marine natural history of Busan and located in Dongnae-gu Busan. It was founded in 1994. The purpose of the foundation is to preserve to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.	building
Holy Trinity Church Everton  Holy Trinity Church Everton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Everton Nottinghamshire.	building
Art Gallery of Windsor  The Art Gallery of Windsor is a not-for-profit art institute in Windsor Ontario Canada.Established in 1943 the gallery has a mandate as a public art space to show significant works of art by local regional and national artists. The Art Gallery of Windsor has created collected presented and conserved one of Ontario’s most significant collections of Canadian art and is one of Windsor’s most notable cultural reserves.	building
Museum of Grenoble  The Museum of Grenoble (French: Musée de Grenoble) is a municipal museum of Fine Arts and antiquities in the city of Grenoble in the Isère region of France.Located on the left bank of the Isère River place Lavalette it is known both for its collections of ancient art for its collections of modern and contemporary art.	building
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish Danbury  Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Danbury Connecticut United States. Founded in 1925. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.	building
The Prehistoric Man Museum  The Prehistoric Man Museum is a museum of prehistory in Kibbutz Ma'ayan Baruch Israel.	building
Watchman Lookout Station  The Watchman Lookout Station No. 168 is one of two fire lookout towers in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. For many years National Park Service personnel used the lookout to watch for wildfires during the summer months. It is also a popular hiking destination because it offers an excellent view of Crater Lake and the surrounding area. The building is unusual because it serves the dual purpose of fire lookout and museum.	building
Falak-ol-Aflak Castle  Falak-ol-Aflak Castle (in Persian: دژ شاپورخواست‎ Dež-e Shāpūr-Khwāst in ancient times known as Dežbār as well as Shāpūr-Khwāst) is a castle situated on the top of a large hill with the same name within the city of Khorramabad the regional capital of Lorestan province Iran.	building
Rutherford County Courthouse (Tennessee)  The Rutherford County Courthouse in Murfreesboro Tennessee is a Classical Revival building from 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is one of six remaining Tennessee courthouses dating to before the Civil War.	building
St Salvator's Chapel  St Salvator's Chapel is one of two collegiate chapels belonging to the University of St Andrews the other being St Leonard's Chapel. It was founded in 1450 by Bishop James Kennedy built in the Late Gothic architectural style and refurbished in the 1680s 1860s and throughout the 20th century.	building
Franklin County G. A. R. Soldiers' Memorial Hall (Iowa)  The Franklin County G. A. R. Soldiers' Memorial Hall also known as J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) is an historic building located at 3 Federal Street North in Hampton Iowa in the United States. The octagonal-style Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall was designed and built in 1890 by Edward Carl Keifer and was the meeting place of the J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 which was one of 519 GAR posts in Iowa.	building
Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist  Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist is loc ated in Chinsura India. The church was built in 1695-1697 and is dedicated to St. John the Baptist.	building
Caddo Lake Drawbridge  The Historic Caddo Lake Drawbridge at Mooringsport Louisiana is a vertical-lift bridge that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1914 to replace a ferry by the Midland Bridge Company of Kansas City Missouri under authority of the Caddo Parish Police Jury. The lift span has been inoperable since the 1940s.This vehicular bridge illustrates the Vertical-Lift design of John Alexander Low Waddell of the firm of Waddell & Harrington.	building
Stadttheater Düren  Stadttheater Düren was a theatre in Düren North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The house was built from 1905 to 1907 to a design by Carl Moritz the architect of the opera house in Cologne on what is now the Hoeschplatz. A Düren businessman Eberhard Hoesch had donated 500000 Marks for a new theatre; until then performances had been held at inns. After only 14 months of construction the theatre opened on 17 January 1907. The house in Jugendstil style seated 700 people.	building
First Broiler House  The First Broiler House also known as Mrs. Wilmer Steele's Broiler House is preserved at the University of Delaware Agricultural Experiment Station near Georgetown Delaware as an example of a chicken house that was widely used to raise broiler chickens in Delaware during the 1920s. An example of an individual-colony house the 16-foot (4.9 m) square wood frame building housed 500 chickens.	building
First National Bank (Mayville North Dakota)  The First National Bank in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.It is argued to be significant because it was the first bank to be built in Mayville North Dakota. It exhibits significantdistinctive architectural style and is a landmark building in the commercial district. The bank represents an early banking endeavor inMayville and is associated with several prominent Mayville entrepreneurs.	building
Azibo River  The Azibo River is a Portuguese river in the Douro River basin. It has its source in the Nogueira mountains near the place of Rebordainhos Bragança Municipality in the northeast of Portugal.	naturalplace
Mavilla River  The Mavilla River is a river of Puerto Rico.	naturalplace
Gârdicioaia River  The Gârdicioaia River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.	naturalplace
Sierra de Cogollos  The Sierra de Cogollos is a mountain range of the Baetic System in Granada Province Andalusia Spain.The range is located to the northeast of Granada city. Its highest point is the 1889 m high Peñón del Majalijar peak.	naturalplace
Mount Machine  Mount Machine (待根山 Machine-yama) is a mountain located in the Kabato Mountains on the border of Tōbetsu and Shintotsukawa Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Machine derives its name from the Ainu language matne-sir meaning female land. The name of neighboring Pinneshiri means 'male land. Pinneshiri Mount Kamuishiri and Mount Machine are together known as The Three Mountains of Kabato (樺戸三山 Kabato Sanzan).	naturalplace
Deep Creek Lake  Deep Creek Lake is the largest inland body of water in the U.S. state of Maryland. It covers approximately 3900 acres (16 km2) and has 69 miles (111 km) of shoreline. Like all lakes in Maryland it is man-made. The lake is home to a wide variety of freshwater fish and aquatic birds. The Wisp ski resort is located nearby. This resort is home to a thriving winter tourism industry and has expanded its offerings to include some summer activities as well.	naturalplace
Chicabal Lake  Chicabal Lake is a Guatemalan lake sacred to the Mam Mayan people. The lake is located in the municipal boundary of the town of San Martín Sacatepéquez in the department of Quetzaltenango. A crater lake Laguna Chicabal was formed in the crater of Volcán Chicabal at an elevation of 2712 meters (8879 feet).	naturalplace
Solleks River  The Solleks River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Clearwater River which in turn flows into the Queets River.The Solleks River is 10.7 miles (17.2 km) long. Its drainage basin is 15.9 square miles (41 km2) in area.	naturalplace
Rabbit River (Mississippi River)  The Rabbit River is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises at the outlet of Rabbit Lake north of Crosby and flows southwest through a chain of lakes past Ironton joining the Mississippi River at the outlet of Little Rabbit Lake northwest of Riverton.	naturalplace
Birnie Loch  Birnie Loch is located in North East Fife Scotland adjacent to the crossroads between the A91 and B937 roads. It is entirely artificial in nature being a flooded pit formerly used for the extraction of sand or gravel.The extraction company decided to present the exhausted flooded pit to the local authority as a potential public resource.	naturalplace
Pârâul lui Martin (Schitu)  The Pârâul lui Martin is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.	naturalplace
Flossach  Flossach is a 20.5 km (12.7 mi) long river in Bavaria Germany. It is a right tributary of the Mindel and an indirect right tributary of the Danube.	naturalplace
Hutberg (Dürrhennersdorf)  Hutberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.	naturalplace
Hole-in-the-Ground  Hole-in-the-Ground is a large maar (explosion crater) in the Fort Rock Basin of Lake County central Oregon northeast of Crater Lake near Oregon Route 31.It is about 1600 meters (1.0 mi) across a little longer N-S than E-W. Its floor is about 150 meters (490 ft) below the surrounding ground level and has a rim that rises 35 to 65 meters (110 to 210 ft) above the highest point on the east side.	naturalplace
Little Butte Creek  Little Butte Creek is a 17-mile-long (27 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its drainage basin consists of approximately 354 square miles (917 km2) of Jackson County and another 19 square miles (49 km2) of Klamath County. Its two forks the North Fork and the South Fork both begin high in the Cascade Range near Mount McLoughlin and Brown Mountain. They both flow generally west until they meet near Lake Creek.	naturalplace
Hanging Lake (Washington - British Columbia)  Hanging Lake straddles the international border between the United States and Canada. Most of the lake is located in North Cascades National Park Washington but the northern section of the lake as well as the drainage are in Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park British Columbia. Hanging Lake is less than 1 mi (1.6 km) ENE of Middle Peak.	naturalplace
Dash Bolagh Kaghazkonan  Dash Bolagh (Persian: داش بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh; also known as Dāshbūlāghī Dash-Bulagi and Dāshbulāqi) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District Kaghazkonan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.	village
Lawngmin  Lawngmin is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	village
Karahüseyinli Bartın  Karahüseyinli is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 737 people.	village
Kahnuj Ahmadi  Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 18 families.	village
Pungankuzhi  Pungankuzhi is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.	village
Tondpalli  Tondpalli is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.	village
Saraçköy Kızılcahamam  Saraçköy Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.	village
Ahobala Agrahara  Ahobala Agrahara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.	village
Busra al-Harir  Busra al-Harir (Arabic: بصرالحرير‎ also spelled Busr al-Hariri Basr al-Harir or Busra Hariri) is a town in southern Syria part of the Daraa Governorate situated in the Hauran plain. It is located northeast of Daraa and northwest of as-Suwayda. Nearby localities include Maliha al-Atash to the southeast al-Shaykh Maskin to the east Izra to the northeast Harran to the northwest Najran to the west al-Mazraa to the southwest and Nahitah to the south.	village
Matsiloje  Matsiloje is a village in the North East District of Botswana on the west bank of the Ramokgwebana River which forms the border with Zimbabwe.A tarmac road connects the village to Francistown to the east.The village has a junior secondary school.The village lies beside the Matsiloje hills which are quarried for limestone used in manufacturing cement and soapstone products.The exploratory Muphanephane gold mine is in the Matsiloje area.In 2002 there was an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the Matsiloje and Matshelagabedi areas with another outbreak in the Matopi and Tseteng areas towards the end of the year. 	village
Jifiri  Jifiri (Persian: جيفري‎ also Romanized as Jīfirī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 54 families.	village
Talpa Iran  Talpa (Persian: طالپا‎ also Romanized as Ţālpā) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 72 families.	village
Pakdeh  Pakdeh (Persian: پاكده‎ also Romanized as Pākdeh and Pāk Deh; also known as Pagodekh and Pākīdeh) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 210 families.	village
Mazraeh-ye Shirvani va Shorka  Mazraeh-ye Shirvani va Shorka (Persian: مزرعه شيرواني وشركا‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shīrvānī va Shorkā) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.	village
Irządze Lower Silesian Voivodeship  Irządze [iˈʐɔnd͡zɛ] (translation: And I rule) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Jemielno 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Góra and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.	village
Witowice Górne  Witowice Górne [vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łososina Dolna 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.	village
Exoncotis resona  Exoncotis resona is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.	animal
Astor markhor  The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor (Capra falconeri falconeri) is a subspecies of the endangered markhor native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan. To the west it reaches the easternmost parts of Afghanistan. The range of the Astor Markhor is very scattered. The largest population of only about 200 animals is found in Chitral National Park in northern Pakistan.	animal
Psaltoda plaga  Psaltoda plaga is a species of cicada native to eastern Australia from Maryborough in central Queensland to to Bega in southern New South Wales. Adult cicadas appear over the summer and inhabit forested areas near bodies of water. The predominantly black form from the Sydney and Central Coast regions is commonly known as the black prince while the term silver knight is used for the species as a whole.	animal
Anthela  Anthela is a genus of moths of the Anthelidae family.	animal
Hoplitosuchus  Hoplitosuchus is an extinct genus of aetosaur. Fossils have been found from the Santa Maria Formation in Rio Grande do Sul Brazil that date back to the Late Triassic. At first the genus was named Hoplitosaurus but this name had previously been assigned to a polacanthine ankylosaurian dinosaur in 1902 thirty six years before it had been referred to the aetosaur. Thus Hoplitosuchus was constructed as a replacement name for Hoplitosaurus.	animal
Eois dryantis  Eois dryantis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.	animal
Olivella fortunei  Olivella fortunei is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.	animal
Senegal jack  The Senegal jack Caranx senegallus (also known as the African jack) is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed through the tropical waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean ranging along the west African coast from Angola in the south to Mauritania in the north. It can be distinguished from co-occurring relatives by its longer dorsal fin lobe as well as a host of other anatomical features.	animal
Megalographa monoxyla  Megalographa monoxyla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found only in Peru and Bolivia and has a narrow distribution in the Andes.	animal
Brachodes gressitti  Brachodes gressitti is a moth of the Brachodidae family that is endemic to Chinese province of Hainan.	animal
Anepholcia talboti  Anepholcia talboti is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sumatra.	animal
Mitra holkosa  Mitra holkosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.	animal
Duplicaria kieneri  Duplicaria kieneri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.	animal
Eulimidae  Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea.These small parasitic snails live on (or in some cases in) the bodies of echinoderms such as sea cucumbers sea urchins sea stars etc. The snails have a proboscis which they extend into their host's body cavity in order to feed.	animal
Diodora parviforata  Diodora parviforata common name the conical keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.	animal
Terebra gaiae  Terebra gaiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.	animal
Bulbophyllum triflorum  Bulbophyllum triflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.Found in Sumatra to Western Java at elevations of up to 1600 meters	plant
Notelaea lloydii  Notelaea lloydii commonly known as Lloyd's Olive is a shrub in the olive family found in Queensland Australia. It is listed as vulnerable under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.The species was formally described in 1987 based on plant material collected to the west of Kenmore.	plant
Swartzia macrosema  Swartzia macrosema is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.	plant
Diplotropis  Diplotropis is a genus of trees (family Fabaceae) found in Brazil and parts of northern Argentina.	plant
Sterculia alexandri  Sterculia alexandri is a species of plant in the Sterculiaceae family. It is endemic to South Africa. It is threatened by habitat loss.	plant
Layia leucopappa  Layia leucopappa is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Comanche Point tidytips or Comanche Point layia.	plant
Dalbergia normandii  Dalbergia normandii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.	plant
Bulbophyllum subtrilobatum  Bulbophyllum subtrilobatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	plant
Succisa  Succisa is a genus of flowering plants in the Dipsacaceae family. Species include the Devil's bit scabious Succisa pratensis.	plant
Aster tripolium  The Sea Aster (Aster tripolium) is a plant of northern Europe that is confined in its distribution to salt marshes estuaries and occasionally to inland salt works.It is a perennial growing up to 50 cm tall with fleshy lanceolate leaves and purple ray florets flowering from July to September.	plant
Carphochaete  Carphochaete is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae. They are native to Mexico and the southwestern United States. They are known commonly as bristleheads.These are branching shrubs and subshrubs usually growing 20 to 45 centimeters tall but known to well exceed one meter at times. The leaves have glandular pits. They are usually opposite but are sometimes arranged alternately. The flower heads are solitary or paired or occasionally in arrays of several.	plant
Navarretia squarrosa  Navarretia squarrosa (skunkweed California stinkweed ) is a spreading annual plant from North America which is noted for its skunk-like odour. It grows to between 10 and 60 cm in height and has tubular lilac pink to deep blue flowers up to 12 mm in diameter in dense terminal heads encircled by a spiny sepals and bracts. The leaves are pinnately lobed and spiny.	plant
Polystachya  Polystachya abbreviated Pol in horticultural trade is a flowering plant genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae). This rather distinctive genus was described by William Jackson Hooker in 1824 and is the type genus of the subtribe Polystachyinae. It contains about 100 species.	plant
Kniphofia reflexa  Kniphofia reflexa is a species of plant which is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.	plant
Tillandsia loxichaensis  Tillandsia loxichaensis is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.	plant
Shorea seminis  Shorea seminis is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and the Philippines. Diptoindonesin A is a C-glucoside of ε-viniferin isolated from S. seminis.	plant
Confidence Man (album)  Confidence Man is the first solo album by The New Amsterdams and Get Up Kids frontman Matt Pryor.	album
Introduction (Marty Friedman album)  Introduction is the third studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman released on November 8 1994 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe).	album
Parish Bar  Parish Bar is the sixth album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2009 on the Tuition record label in the UK and the Compass record label in the US. The album is made of songs recorded in-between other projects.	album
Rock the Nation Live!  KISS: Rock The Nation Live! is a 2005 live music DVD by American hard rock band Kiss. The DVD is popular because of the addition of Kiss Powervision which enables the viewer to select different camera angles each focusing on a different member of the band. The live concert was performed July 24 2004 at the Nissan Pavilion in Virginia.	album
Municipal Waste (EP)  Municipal Waste is the debut EP by the Richmond crossover thrash band; Municipal Waste. Like many of The Waste's early releases it is notable for its short run time of only 7:11.	album
Here (Lost And Found album)  Here is an album from Lost And Found released in 2009 recorded during soundchecks and in hotels while on tour. The included songs are: Ears Here Incense My Song is Love Unknown Neighbor 2 Things Creed Hope Incense (slow) Ears (flowy) Here (strummy) Just GeorgeThe album also includes sheet music lyrics and chords for all the original songs.	album
Starlite Walker  Starlite Walker is the first full-length studio album by indie-rock group Silver Jews. Released in 1994 as an LP and CD on Drag City (DC55) in America and Domino (WIG15) in Europe Starlite Walker was recorded in late June 1994 at Easley Recordings.	album
David Gilmour Live 1984  Pink Floyd's David Gilmour or simply David Gilmour is a film by David Gilmour from his 1984 tour from the album About Face for Europe. The film is mainly a concert performance from The Hammersmith Odeon in London in April 1984. It also features promotional clips. Lastly a documentary called After The Floyd which followed Gilmour on the 1984 solo tour and includes interviews with David on tour buses (the bus driver referred to David as ex-guitarist of Pink Floyd) and in hotel rooms.	album
Nixon Pryor Roundtree  Nixon Pryor Roundtree is the fifth studio album by American rapper Richie Rich. It was released July 20 2002 on Richie Rich's own label Ten-Six Records. The album was produced by Bosko DJ Daryl Lev Berlak and Ruffa. It features guest performances by Too Short PSD J Stalin and labelmates: The Replacement Killerz.	album
Last of the Independents  Last of the Independents is the sixth album by rock group The Pretenders released in 1994. For this album the band is officially credited as being Chrissie Hynde (vocals guitar) Adam Seymour (guitar) Andy Hobson (bass) and Martin Chambers (drums). However this line-up only plays together on one track (All My Dreams); the rest of the album is performed by Hynde and Seymour in conjunction with a rotating series of musicians on bass and drums.	album
Recollection: The Best of Nichole Nordeman  Recollection is a greatest hits collection from six-time Dove Award-winning artist Nichole Nordeman. It compiles songs from her albums Wide Eyed This Mystery Woven & Spun and Brave such as Holy (2002) and Why? and also includes two brand new songs Finally Free (the 2007 Women of Faith theme song) and Sunrise. Sunrise which was prereleased as a single on iTunes and other music download services very quickly became a hit on radio[citation needed].	album
Sacred Revolution  Sacred Revolution is an album recorded live at OneDay03 held in May 2003 in Sherman Texas.	album
Connected (Eivind Aarset album)  Connected (released 2004 in Oslo Norway by Jazzland – 0602498663783) is a Nu Jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset.All About Jazz critique John Kelman in his review of Aarset's album Connected states:	album
Kill Zone (album)  Kill Zone is the eight album by rapper Philthy Rich released on June 26 2012.	album
Summertime (MFSB album)  Summertime is the fifth album to be released by Philadelphia International Records houseband MFSB.	album
Dick's Picks Volume 9  Dick's Picks Volume 9 is the ninth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on September 16 1990 at the Madison Square Garden in New York City during the first tour with new keyboardists Vince Welnick and Bruce Hornsby. This CD contains the full show from that night.Another Grateful Dead album recorded during the same run of concerts at Madison Square Garden is Road Trips Volume 2 Number 1.	album
The Darjeeling Limited  The Darjeeling Limited is a 2007 comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson and starring Owen Wilson Adrien Brody and Jason Schwartzman. It was written by Anderson Schwartzman and Roman Coppola. The film also features Waris Ahluwalia Amara Karan Barbet Schroeder and Anjelica Huston with Natalie Portman Camilla Rutherford Irrfan Khan and Bill Murray in cameo roles.	film
The Overcoat (1952 film)  The Overcoat (Italian: Il Cappotto) is a 1952 Italian fantasy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is based on a short tale of the same name written by Nikolai Gogol.	film
Vi arme syndere  Vi arme syndere (English: Us Petty Sinners) is a 1952 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and Ole Palsbo.	film
Reign of Assassins  Reign of Assassins is a 2010 wuxia film directed by Su Chao-pin and co-directed by John Woo. The film is shot in China and set during the Ming Dynasty. The film stars Michelle Yeoh who plays an assassin who tries to return to a normal life after being counseled by a monk. After saving her husband and herself from robbers she attracts the attention of her former assassin gang.The film began production on October 30 and was shot in China and Taiwan.	film
The Yes Man  The Yes Man (Italian: Il portaborse) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.	film
Gayniggers from Outer Space  Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg. The movie is a satire of the blaxploitation and science fiction genre.	film
The Newman Shame  The Newman Shame is a 1977 Australian TV film starring George Lazenby and produced by Robert Bruning who previously worked together on Is There Anybody There? (1976).	film
Silver Bells (film)  Silver Bells is a 2005 television film starring Anne Heche and Tate Donovan. It was produced by Hallmark Hall of Fame Productions for their made-for-television film series and was based on the novel of the same name by Luanne Rice.	film
American Graffiti  American Graffiti is a 1973 coming of age film directed and co-written by George Lucas starring Richard Dreyfuss Ron Howard Paul Le Mat Harrison Ford Charles Martin Smith Cindy Williams Candy Clark Mackenzie Phillips and Wolfman Jack; Suzanne Somers was the blonde in the T-bird. Set in 1962 Modesto California the film is a study of the cruising and rock and roll cultures popular among the post–World War II baby boom generation.	film
Sol Goode  Sol Goode is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Danny Comden. The lead role of Sol Goode is played by Balthazar Getty; other cast include Katharine Towne Jamie Kennedy Danny Comden and Cheri Oteri. The film features cameo appearances including Jared Leto Carmen Electra Jason Bateman and Shannon Leto.	film
The Sainted Sisters  The Sainted Sisters is a 1948 comedy film starring Veronica Lake and co-starring Joan Caulfield Barry Fitzgerald George Reeves William Demarest and Beulah Bondi. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is notable for being the last film Veronica Lake made under her contract with the studio.	film
Copper Angel  Copper Angel (Russian: Медный ангел; translit. Medny angel) is a 1984 Soviet motion picture production of Gorky Film Studios. The film was directed by Soviet director Veniamyn Dorman and starred Anatoly Kuznetsov Leonid Kuravlyov and Aleksandr Filippenko.	film
21 & Over (film)  21 & Over is a 2013 American comedy film. It was written by and served as the directorial debut of Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. The film stars Skylar Astin Justin Chon and Miles Teller.	film
The Night Before Christmas (1951 film)  The Night Before Christmas (Russian: Ночь пе́ред Рождество́м Noch pered Rozhdestvom) is a 1951 Soviet animated film directed by the Brumberg sisters and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow. The film is based on Nikolai Gogol's story The Night Before Christmas.The animation features heavy use of rotoscoping known as Éclair in the Soviet Union and is an example of the Socialist-Realist period in Russian animation.	film
Jew Süss (1934 film)  Jew Süss (in the US retitled Power - Jew Suss) is a 1934 British historical romantic drama film based on Lion Feuchtwanger's 1925 novel Jud Süß about Joseph Süß Oppenheimer. Directed by Lothar Mendes the film stars German actor Conrad Veidt in the role of Oppenheimer.	film
Ghost of Saga Mansion  Ghost of Saga Mansion (怪談佐賀屋敷 Kaidan Saga yashiki) is a 1953 Japanese horror film directed by Ryohei Arai.	film
Barnens svenska sångbok  Barnens svenska sångbok (Children's Swedish Song book) is a 1999 Swedish song book by Anders Palm and Johan Stenström. It follows the 1997 song book Den svenska sångboken and is followed by the 2009 song book Evert Taube – Sångboken.The books include songs for children from the 17th and 18th Centuries as well as more contemporary works and the songs are meant to be sung at home at kindergarten and/or at school.	writtenwork
A Dying Light in Corduba  A Dying Light in Corduba is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.	writtenwork
2430 A.D.  2430 A.D. is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the October 1970 issue of Think the IBM house magazine and was reprinted in Asimov's 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.Early in 1970 the author was commissioned by Think to write a story based on a quotation by writer and social commentator J. B.	writtenwork
The White Plague  The White Plague (1982) is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.	writtenwork
Superiority (short story)  Superiority is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. It depicts an arms race and shows how the side which is more technologically advanced can be defeated despite its apparent superiority because of its own organizational flaws and its willingness to discard old technology without having fully perfected the new. Meanwhile the enemy steadily built up a far larger arsenal of weapons that while more primitive were also more reliable.	writtenwork
Transgender History  Transgender History is a non-fiction book by gender theorist Susan Stryker discussing the history of the transgender movement in the United States and to a smaller extent in Europe. It was published in 2008 by Seal Press.	writtenwork
Sızıntı  Sızıntı is a monthly Islamic magazine published since 1979 in Turkey. Its English-language version is known as Fountain. The magazine was started by and is operated by members of the Gülen movement made up of the followers of the Turkish preacher and Islamic opinion leader Fethullah Gülen and claims to bring together Islam and science by stressing the parallels between modern scientific discoveries and literal verses from the Quran.	writtenwork
Chicagoland Golf  Chicagoland Golf is an independent regional golf newspaper serving the public golfers in Northern Illinois Southeast Wisconsin and Northeast Indiana since 1989 when it was founded by the journalist Phil Kosin]who died in 2009.Chicagoland Golf is published in the United States 7 times per year by Chicagoland Golf Media Inc. and covers recreational/amateur golf from Juniors High School College and Professional local golf.	writtenwork
Home Is the Sailor (Amado novel)  Home Is the Sailor (Portuguese: Os velhos marinheiros ou o capitão de longo curso) is a Brazilian modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1961 and translated into English by Harriet de Onís in 1964.	writtenwork
People of the Deer  People of the Deer (published in 1952 revised in 1975) is Canadian author Farley Mowat's first book and brought him literary recognition. The novel is based upon a series of travels the author undertook in the Canadian barren lands of Keewatin Region west of Hudson Bay. The most important of these expeditions was in the winter of '47-'48.	writtenwork
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers  Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers is a 2003 non-fiction work by Mary Roach. Published by W. W. Norton & Company it details the unique scientific contributions of the deceased.In the book Roach gives firsthand accounts of cadavers a history of the use of cadavers and an exploration of the surrounding ethical/moral issues.	writtenwork
100 Books by August Derleth  100 Books by August Derleth is a bibliography of books by American author August Derleth. It was released in 1962 by Arkham House in an edition of 1225 copies. Approximately 200 copies were bound in pictorial boards for libraries (the edition in boards was issued without dustwrapper). The book includes two plates one a frontispiece of Derleth in his office the other of Derleth with his children Walden William and April Rose.	writtenwork
The Covenant (novel)  The Covenant is a historical novel by American author James A. Michener published in 1980.	writtenwork
Froudacity  Froudacity: West Indian Fables by James Anthony Froude is an 1889 polemic written by John Jacob Thomas as a rebuttal to James Anthony Froude's 1888 book The English in the West Indies. Froude's travelogue attacked the British West Indian colonies for wanting to establish self-government arguing that if the majority black population were allowed to vote on leaders they would choose leaders that would repress the white population.	writtenwork
Doctor Dolittle's Return  Published in 1933 Doctor Dolittle's Return was the first Doctor Dolittle book in five years. Doctor Dolittle in the Moon was supposed to be the last book but as with Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes the author relented. The tone is lighter and more comic and is surprisingly short the shortest book since the first one.	writtenwork
People of Paradox  People of Paradox: An Inquiry Concerning the Origins of American Civilization is a 1972 book by American cultural historian Michael Kammen published by Knopf. It explores various contradictions in American society such as puritanism vs. hedonism and idealism vs. materialism. People of Paradox was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1973.	writtenwork
