The US Commodity and Futures Commission (CTFC) alleges it and its former subsidiary Mondelez Global bought $90m (Â£61m) of wheat futures but had no intention of taking delivery of it. The CTFC said their huge purchase raised the price of the commodity and earned them a profit of $5.4m. Kraft recently agreed a merger with Heinz in a move that would create the world's fifth largest food company. The regulator wants to apply a permanent injunction on future violations as well as to apply financial penalties. In 2010, Kraft took over chocolate maker Cadbury, but in 2012 spun the firm off as part of its global snacks business Mondelez, which includes brands such as Oreo biscuits and Trident gum.	US food giant Kraft is being accused of manipulating the price of wheat.
The 22-year-old serving with the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) had been on patrol in Helmand Province when he was killed. A spokesman described L/Cpl Brynin as "the best and brightest". His death brings the number of UK service personnel who have died in Afghanistan since 2001 to 445. In the early hours of Tuesday, L/Cpl Brynin's unit deployed from Camp Bastion into Nahr-e Saraj in Helmand Province to counter an "imminent threat" to both Afghans and Isaf (International Security Assistance Force) personnel, the MoD said. Towards the end of the operation, the section came under fire. Together with a sniper and machine-gunner, L/Cpl Brynin returned fire but suffered a fatal gunshot wound. L/Cpl Brynin died at the scene, despite receiving "immediate medical attention", the MoD said. Born in Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex, he joined the Army in February 2011 and entered the Intelligence Corps. After his initial training he was posted to 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare), which is based at Cawdor Barracks in Pembrokeshire, and had already served a tour in Afghanistan in 2012. He returned to Afghanistan this August as an intelligence analyst working for a light electronic warfare team (LEWT) within the Brigade Reconnaissance Force (BRF) of 7th Armoured Brigade. L/Cpl Brynin's family issued the following tribute: "Heart of a lion, we will always stand strong for you. We will never forget. Rest in peace." Tributes from L/Cpl Brynin's officers commended his skill and intelligence. Lt Col Mark Purves, Commanding Officer 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare), said: "Bright and engaging, Lance Corporal Brynin was immensely popular and an outstanding soldier in every respect. "Having already completed one tour to Afghanistan, his appointment to support the Brigade Reconnaissance Force was indicative of his talent and leadership qualities. He was fit, determined and genuinely wanted to make a difference." Lt Col Richard Slack, commanding officer of the 9th/12th Royal Lancers, the Brigade Reconnaissance Regiment, described L/Cpl Brynin as "a star, burning bright and rising fast." L/Cpl Brynin is the seventh British serviceman killed in Afghanistan this year and the first since 30 April, when three soldiers from the Royal Regiment of Scotland were killed after their armoured vehicle hit a roadside bomb. According to the Army's website, the role of the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) includes attacking targets by jamming electronic systems and preventing them from working properly. Light electronic warfare teams are made up of up to four members on the battlefield, where they use equipment to tap into insurgents' communications. British troops are due to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014, when all Nato combat operations are scheduled to finish, although a small number will remain in support roles. The number of British troops in Afghanistan was reduced to 9,000 before the end of 2012 and is set to fall to 5,200 by the end of 2013. British troops are now placed at five bases - down from a peak of more than 130 - and rarely go on patrol. Last week, the 7th Armoured Brigade, the Desert Rats, became the last major British force deployed to Helmand.	A British soldier killed while on patrol in Afghanistan has been named as L/Cpl James Brynin by the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
The city's harbour commissioners and developer Titanic Quarter Ltd were in dispute over an agreement for the 185-acre site's regeneration. On Thursday, a judge was told they have signed a memorandum of understanding to resolve their differences. The judge agreed to stay the action, with both sides picking up their own legal bill. The commissioners and Titanic Quarter have worked together for more than a decade to deliver projects including a financial services centre and commercial, education, residential and leisure facilities. The area also contains the Titanic Belfast visitor attraction, film studios and the Northern Ireland Science Park. Other schemes for which planning permission has already been granted include office blocks and a new four-star boutique hotel. Differences emerged over the interpretation of the master agreement signed by the parties in 2004. The commissioners, who own the site, issued proceedings aimed at clarifying the terms of the contract with tenants Titanic Quarter which runs until 2030. At the start of a scheduled three-day hearing, it was claimed that the developer wanted to be able to take projects to its landlord as a "fait accompli". In a counter allegation, Titanic Quarter's barrister accused the commissioners of trying to put up "roadblocks" to new developments. However, following out-of-court discussions, it was announced on Thursday that a memorandum of understanding has been drawn up. It acknowledges the master agreement as being a framework agreement with obligations on both parties. They are to consider all proposals with an open mind, honestly and with a view to reaching agreement, if possible. A barrister for the commissioners confirmed neither side has an unqualified veto on any particular project. Instead, he pointed out, the parties have to consult and act in good faith. The memorandum does not require justification of any refusal of a development scheme. Welcoming the resolution, the judge said: "As far as the future is concerned the court hopes matters will proceed well between the parties, and for the benefit of Belfast and Northern Ireland."	A High Court battle that threatened to delay major new developments on Belfast's waterfront has been settled.
The planes, thought to be bombers, surveillance planes and one fighter jet, flew along the Miyako Straits, between Okinawa and Miyakojima. China said about 40 of its aircraft had been involved in what it said was a routine drill. The planes did not cross into Japanese airspace, but the move is being seen as a show of force by China. It comes one week after Japan said it would take part in joint training exercises with the US navy in the South China Sea. Japan's top government spokesman said Japan would be watching China's military movements closely. Tokyo will "continue to devote every effort to vigilance and surveillance and rigorously enforce steps against intrusions into our airspace based on international law and the self-defence forces law", said Yoshihide Suga. The Miyako Strait is a strategically important 250km (155 miles) wide stretch of water south of Okinawa and close to Taiwan. It is also close to a group of islands in the East China Sea which are claimed by both Japan and China. Japan, which controls the islands, calls them Senkaku, while China calls them the Diaoyu Islands.	Japan says it scrambled fighter jets on Sunday after eight Chinese military aircraft flew between Japanese islands.
Manager Tommy Wright told BBC Scotland that the 34-year-old had triggered a clause in his previous deal. MacLean, who joined the Saints in 2012, has scored 10 goals in 27 appearances in this campaign. Wright added that a new deal for midfielder Danny Swanson was a "high priority", with contract talks also ongoing with full-back Brian Easton. Last week, Joe Shaughnessy, David Wotherspoon and Richard Foster all signed two-year extensions. Easton, 28, and Swanson, 30, are both on terms that expire in the summer. "It's difficult for us, with the wages we pay, to attract that extra bit of quality that can make a difference to us," said Wright. "Danny is a high priority for me and hopefully the chairman can get him re-signed. Then we can look at the summer and build again by bringing one or two in." The Perth club are on course for a sixth consecutive top-six finish and Wright would love to start his fifth season in charge with his fourth European campaign. "With Rangers coming back into the league and Aberdeen and Hearts strengthening it was always going to be tough," he said with his side sitting fifth, 10 points ahead of Motherwell, Ross County and Kilmarnock. "For us to be only three points behind Hearts at this stage of the season is a tremendous achievement. Once again, we are fighting at the right end of the table. "We maximise what we've got and it's full credit to the players." Scotland's Uefa coefficient has slipped from 23rd to 25th, meaning all three Europa League entrants will, for the first time, begin qualifying in the first round at the end of June. Saints have never been beyond the third qualifying round and Wright says clubs are hindered by such timing. "Some of the Irish teams have reached the group stage recently," he said. "I'm not an advocate of summer football but it probably would help in that respect. "It's such a quick turnaround getting ready for a new season. That's the biggest thing holding Scottish clubs back. "The overall experience is brilliant for the club though, for me as a manager, for the players and for the supporters." Wright was angered by the penalty Celtic were awarded at McDiarmid Park on Sunday and felt his side were denied two spot-kicks in a 5-2 loss to the Premiership leaders. He has since discussed the matter with referee Craig Thomson in a telephone call. "It was a sore one but mistakes happen in football," he said. "The penalty decisions were game changers but, ultimately, it's gone for me on Monday morning. "I was pleased Craig rang me and what was said will remain between the two of us. I'm not one for holding grudges. "I'm all for looking at ways of helping our referees, be that with full-time officials or extra officials. I'm not a big fan of TMOs (television match officials) but that might be something we look at further down the line. But they all cost money and that's probably the biggest factor."	St Johnstone striker Steven MacLean has signed a contract extension to remain at McDiarmid Park for next season.
Staff at Wingham Wildlife Park stepped in after the baby bird's mother had to leave the egg because the father refused to help her incubate it. The two male Humboldt penguins, Jumbs and Kermit, were given the egg, which hatched a month ago. Park owner Tony Binskin said: "These two have so far proven to be two of the best penguin parents we have had yet." Jumbs and Kermit were first seen pairing up in 2012, leaving two females without mates. "Whilst it was nice to see two of our birds pair up, it actually meant that we were left with not two but four birds unable to reproduce within our collection," Mr Binskin said. The species is thought to be declining in number, and the park brought in two new males for breeding. But each time female Isobel lays an egg, her partner Hurricane refuses to sit on it. Mr Binskin's wife Jackie said Hurricane was a "very inconsiderate partner who is happy to get Isobel pregnant", then "seems to think that his job is done". An egg from the pair was given to Jumbs and Kermit last year, but failed to hatch. Isobel laid another egg in March, but was again forced to leave it to find food. It was given to Jumbs and Kermit, and hatched on 12 April. There have been previous reports of exclusive male-to-male pairings among penguins, and some have reared chicks. Mr Binskin said: "Whilst pair bonding often results in no result other than eliminating those two animals from the breeding population of that species, in captivity it can have greatly positive effects. "We are still very much starting our breeding efforts with this species, and this is only our second year of breeding, but having such good surrogate parents available should we need them is a huge bonus for us."	A same-sex penguin couple are rearing a chick after it was abandoned by its parents at a zoo in Kent.
More than 115,000 people were fined by magistrates last year, figures from the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) show. AA president Edmund King said the rise reflected the fact that digital speed cameras were working 24 hours a day. The Department for Transport said it was magistrates who decided when to impose fines. The MoJ figures show 115,549 motorists were issued with fines of at least £100 in 2013. South Wales saw one of the biggest increases, with the number of drivers fined tripling last year to 6,491, from 2,181 three years earlier. One speed camera in Cardiff generated more than an estimated £800,000 of fines in six months. The number of offenders fined grew over the same period by almost 1,000 in both South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, and by close to 2,000 in Staffordshire. London saw the most people fined last year, although the figure for the Metropolitan Police area fell to 7,736 -  its lowest level in five years. AA president Mr King told the Daily Telegraph that the increase "is a reflection that cameras are more efficient than ever". "In the past, cameras in London would only take valid pictures for a quarter of a day and it was pot luck whether you are fined. The cameras are now working 24 hours a day." A spokeswoman for the Department for Transport said: "Speeding can have devastating consequences and it's right that drivers should abide by the speed limit. "These fines were issued at the discretion of the magistrates and show the number of fines issued is in decline across many police force areas." Earlier this year it was announced the maximum fines imposed by magistrates for motorway speeding would rise from £2,500 to £10,000.	The number of people fined by the courts for speeding offences in England and Wales has risen to its highest level since 2009.
From choirs to cabaret performers and musicians to artists, each will stage an event inspired by a different track. The album - released on 1 June 1967 - regularly comes towards the top of lists of the greatest albums ever made. The Liverpool festival takes place in May and June and is split into two halves - one for each side of the LP. The first event - based on the first track -will act as an "overture" and will take place from 25-27 May, with the rest of side one being staged from 1-5 June. Side two will take place from 8-11 June - except A Day in the Life, which will be the finale on 16 June. Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson said the festival would be "thought-provoking, sometimes cheeky and always entertaining". At the event's launch on Wednesday, he said: "We're not about wrapping The Beatles' heritage in aspic or, if you like, turning The Beatles into a Disney-style theme park. "But we have to celebrate the place, the city, that gave them their inspiration and helped them write their fantastic work." Jeremy Deller said one of his works will be about Brian Epstein in the year of the 50th anniversary of The Beatles manager's death. Details of his second work are under wraps. "Every project has its own challenges but it's a record I've lived with and I know The Beatles inside out - or I feel I do. I've studied them," Deller said. "It's almost like a religion, isn't it, popular music, and The Beatles are at the apex of that. So I feel I have an inside take on it." He added: "I think it's important it doesn't become a big nostalgia festival really. I don't mind nostalgia, but the festival has to be about more than just The Beatles - it has to be about Liverpool as it is now and the future of Liverpool to have any meaning for the public." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Liverpool is marking the 50th birthday of The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album by asking a dizzying array of performers to reinterpret the songs in the city.
Canada is marking its 150th anniversary as a country in towns, cities and at backyard barbecues nationwide. But the biggest bash is at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, where organisers expect hundreds of thousands of people. And by mid-morning, they had turned out in their droves - albeit huddled under umbrellas, trying to avoid the rain. Some partygoers, like 24-year-old students Morgan Haines, Jon Salamati and Nima Sahebi, got to the hill before the sun had even risen. Their early morning netted them a prime spot right next to the main stage, where they said they planned to stay until after the fireworks at midnight. The three travelled from Vancouver, on Canada's west coast, to celebrate the day in the capital. "One-fifty is only going to happen once," Mr Salamati said. "By the time we hit Canada 200, we might not be able to do this trip." The celebrations included a concert by Canadian artists, a display from Canada's aerobatics squadron the Snowbirds, a citizenship ceremony for new Canadians, and a massive fireworks display. Canadian theatre giants Cirque du Soleil performed, and Bono and The Edge from  rock band U2 serenaded the crowd with an acoustic set. Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made inclusiveness a political calling card, gave a speech celebrating that attribute. "We don't care where you're from or what religion you practise, or whom you love - you are all welcome in Canada," he said to cheers from the crowd. Mr Trudeau's speech was delivered in both English and French, a tradition in Canada, which recognises both as its official languages. "This is as good a reason as any to reflect on our past, to cheer on today, and to recommit ourselves to the future," he said to the 25,000 partygoers who had waited hours to get past security and on to the parliament's lawn. But he also took a moment to remember Canada's indigenous people, whom he said had been "the victims of oppression" since the first settlers arrived. "As a society, we must acknowledge past mistakes," he said, telling the audience that there was still much work to be done in order to achieve reconciliation. However, Canada, he said, was determined to see a reconciliation over the coming years and decades. "It is a choice we make not because of what we did, or who we were, but because of who we are," Mr Trudeau said. Why the world suddenly loves Canada What does it mean to be Canadian today? What's in store for Canada's next 150 years? Indigenous culture is being represented in many ways across the festivities, and a number of indigenous performers are participating in Canada Day concerts in the capital region. Some indigenous peoples refused to recognise Canada 150, saying it represented more than a hundred years of colonisation. Sandwiched between security fences and to the west of the main stage on the parliament's lawn, a group of indigenous protesters have set up a teepee. They have been allowed to stay on Parliament Hill after erecting the structure in the early hours of Thursday morning in what organisers called a "reoccupation". Early on Saturday morning, some of the protesters held a sunrise ceremony, lighting a small fire after negotiating with security to bring firewood onto site. Jess Bolduc, from the Anishinaabe First Nation, said she hoped the day would be one of "conversation and dialogue" when Canada Day revellers flood the lawn. "In celebrating Canada 150, we're celebrating a half-truth," she said. "We need to be thinking about the tens of thousands of years indigenous people have been, and continue to be, here." Across the Ottawa river in Gatineau, Quebec, crowds also lined up to see Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall open a new hall at Canada's Museum of History. Prince Charles' mother, the Queen, is Canada's head of state. Rumela Kabir Booth, from an Indian dance school in Ottawa, helped entertain the crowd before their arrival. "Canada is such a multicultural and inclusive society," she said. "It's great to highlight all the different cultures and aspects that come together." Canada shelled out an estimated C$500m ($385m; Â£293m) on everything from festivities to security and infrastructure projects. Canada Day, held on 1 July each year, marks the merging of four former British colonies into a single new country. It is a national holiday. The country grew in size in the years that followed, and finally achieved complete autonomy from the UK in 1931. It was not until 1982, however, that the British parliament transferred final legal powers to Canada, including the power to amend its constitution. Businesses have also been trying to capitalise. KFC has temporarily rebranded itself "K'ehFC", in reference to the Canadian slang, while coffee shop Tim Hortons is selling a poutine donut - although only at selected US outlets. As Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary, BBC World News will explore this vast country throughout July - from discovering some of the most remote places in Canada on The Travel Show  to documentary-style programming in Canada Stories. To mark this occasion, we are offering Canadian audiences the chance to watch BBC World News as a free channel preview. More details here.	Revellers, police and some protesters have converged on Canada's national capital on Saturday for a party that has been years in the planning.
Several internationals, including Samoan wingers Sinoti Sinoti and Alesana Tuilagi and All Black half Mike Delany are currently sidelined. Falcons, along with Sale Sharks with just 12, have scored the fewest tries in the division. "I feel sorry for Dave Walder [attack coach]," Richards told BBC Newcastle. "You look at the guys who are injured, the backs are firing but not firing as well as we could and we probably lack that little bit of X-factor you get with Sinoti, Delany and Gonzalo Tiesi, players like that." Richards admits the absentees were missed in Sunday's 20-15 loss to nearest rivals London Irish. "We created four opportunities we didn't convert in the first half and three towards the end," he said. "Had we done that, it might have put a different complexion on the game." This battle of the Premiership's bottom two began with Irish bottom, two points behind Newcastle, but ended with Falcons switching places and slipping one point adrift at the foot of the table. Despite a four-point gap between Worcester in 10th spot and the Exiles, Richards is confident there is enough rugby left to play not to leave Falcons on the fringes. "People were looking at this game today, but winning last week made a big difference," Richard said. "Losing today was galling because we missed our opportunities. "But as I've said all along, the 10-game sequence (of Premiership matches to end the season) will be the make or break for all sides at the top or the bottom."	Premiership bottom club Newcastle Falcons are lacking "X-Factor" in the back-line through injuries, says director of rugby Dean Richards.
Brendan Rodgers' side survived early pressure to sweep to victory and secure the earliest title success, with eight games to spare, in a 38-game campaign. Two deadly finishes from Sinclair - he has scored six in three outings against Hearts - edged Celtic ahead. Stuart Armstrong and Patrick Roberts matched them before a Sinclair penalty. Media playback is not supported on this device The final whistle signalled a party in the Edinburgh sunshine as Celtic celebrated their 48th Scottish title - their 12th this century and first with Rodgers as manager. And the records keep tumbling for Celtic, who remain unbeaten in 37 domestic games this season, eclipsing a 100-year-old club record. Media playback is not supported on this device Winning the title in Edinburgh was an act of perfect symmetry for Rodgers' side. The Northern Irishman's first domestic game in charge of Celtic was at Tynecastle and the packed stands were playing host to the 300th league meeting between the sides - and the 150th to be hosted by Hearts. On that day back on 7 August, a late goal from Sinclair was needed to subdue hosts who were looking to overtake Aberdeen as Celtic's main title challengers after finishing third in their first season back in the top flight. A Sinclair double also helped secure a 4-0 win over Hearts in Glasgow in January on a day when he deputised up front due to the absence of first-choice strikers Moussa Dembele and deputy Leigh Griffiths. That day, the 28-year-old's goals came after he was switched to a more natural wide role, with Roberts in the centre, and that's the way they started at Tynecastle this time out as Rodgers was again denied his two top marksmen through injury. Lesson learned, one-time Manchester City winger Sinclair combined superbly with fellow Englishman Roberts, himself on loan from the Etihad Stadium, twice within three first-half minutes to virtually end Hearts' challenge. Media playback is not supported on this device Aberdeen's 7-0 thrashing of Dundee on Friday had ensured that Celtic would require another three points to secure the title. However, there were few signs that Hearts had the form to make them wait any longer. Celtic had arrived at Tynecastle unbeaten in their last 10 visits since their last defeat by Hearts - 2-0 at Tynecastle in October 2011 - with the Edinburgh side only avoiding defeat once during that spell. Since Ian Cathro had taken over as head coach from MK Dons-bound Robbie Neilson, they had slipped from second to fifth and had won only once in their last seven outings. Yet they had lost only two of their last 14 Premiership home games and they came out full of determination to deny Celtic a title party in their own back yard. Cathro looked to have won the early tactical battle, with his high-pressing game knocking the visitors out their stride and Isma Goncalves twice testing goalkeeper Craig Gordon, who then saved at point-blank range from Jamie Walker. It had looked ominous for Hearts when Sinclair played in Callum McGregor to find the net after only two minutes. The linesman's flag allowed the home side to breathe again and they were soon giving as good as they got in a fast and furious start that raged from end to end. McGregor somehow side-footed wide from only six yards and we began to question Rodgers' decision to switch to an unusual formation with three at the back. However, Sinclair played a clever one-two with Roberts on the edge of the penalty box before thumping high past goalkeeper Jack Hamilton to give Celtic a 24th-minute lead. It was soon two as Roberts threaded the ball behind the Hearts defence for Sinclair to score again. Hearts' defensive frailties had come home to roost and Armstrong's 20-yard drive after the break and Roberts' deft chip from the edge of the penalty area ensured the title was on its way back to Glasgow. Sinclair completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot after being pulled down by Krystian Nowak. What now for Celtic? With the League Cup already won, a Scottish Cup semi-final awaits as they seek a domestic treble and the prospect of ending the domestic season unbeaten - a feat no Scottish champions have achieved since the late 19th century. Match ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Second Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Attempt missed. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick. Kieran Tierney (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Foul by Stuart Armstrong (Celtic). Andraz Struna (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Celtic. Kolo Touré replaces Dedryck Boyata. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Scott Sinclair (Celtic) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner. Penalty Celtic. Scott Sinclair draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Krystian Nowak (Heart of Midlothian) after a foul in the penalty area. Kieran Tierney (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Substitution, Celtic. Cristian Gamboa replaces Mikael Lustig. Substitution, Celtic. Gary Mackay-Steven replaces Patrick Roberts. Attempt saved. James Forrest (Celtic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Angus Beith replaces Esmael Gonçalves. Dedryck Boyata (Celtic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Dedryck Boyata (Celtic). Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Dedryck Boyata (Celtic) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Celtic. Conceded by Krystian Nowak. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Prince Buaben replaces Alexandros Tziolis. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Malaury Martin replaces Jamie Walker. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 4. Patrick Roberts (Celtic) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Callum McGregor. James Forrest (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Attempt saved. Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Perry Kitchen (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 3. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kieran Tierney. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Alexandros Tziolis (Heart of Midlothian). Attempt missed. Bjorn Johnsen (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Perry Kitchen (Heart of Midlothian). Foul by Jozo Simunovic (Celtic). Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Second Half begins Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 2. First Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 2. James Forrest (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.	Celtic clinched a sixth consecutive Scottish title with a flourish as three-goal Scott Sinclair again proved to be a thorn in the flesh of Hearts.
The flanker has recovered from an ankle niggle to line up alongside James Haskell and CJ Stander in the back row. Fly half Dan Biggar has been passed fit to start after concussion. The Highlanders are without All Blacks Aaron Smith and Ben Smith, but internationals Liam Coltman, Lima Sopoaga, and Waisake Naholo will play. After starting in the tour opener against the Provincial Barbarians, Warburton missed the 12-3 victory over the Crusaders on Saturday. Biggar failed a head injury assessment in the defeat by the Blues last Tuesday, but has passed the requisite concussion protocols, while Jared Payne is fit to start at full-back despite an ongoing calf complaint. Payne is joined by Jack Nowell and Tommy Seymour in the back three, with Jonathan Joseph and Robbie Henshaw in the midfield. Biggar's fellow Welshman Rhys Webb is at scrum-half. Courtney Lawes partners Iain Henderson in the second row, with Joe Marler, Rory Best and Kyle Sinckler re-forming the front row combination that started in the first game of the tour. 'A chance to put their hand up and perform' "At this stage of the tour everyone has had a start and as coaches we are happy that all the players have had a chance to put their hand up and perform in the Lions jersey," said head coach Warren Gatland. "We are building some momentum and we have improved with every game. We were obviously pleased with the win against the Crusaders, especially our defence and game management, but we know the Highlanders will be another massive test for us as a squad." Lions squad to play Highlanders: Team: Payne; Nowell; Joseph, Henshaw; Seymour; Biggar, Webb; Marler, Best, Sinckler; Lawes, Henderson; Haskell, Warburton (captain), Stander Replacements: Owens, McGrath, Cole, Jones, Tipuric, Laidlaw, Farrell, Daly. The Highlanders (previously named Otago Highlanders) may only be ranked fourth of the five New Zealand franchises in this year's tournament but the 2015 Super Rugby champions have won 10 of their 14 matches and are assured of at least a play-off berth. The Lions beat a provincial Otago side 30-19 the last time they toured New Zealand in 2005 and Highlanders assistant coach Scott McLeod is anticipating another big occasion at the compact yet noisy Forsyth Barr Stadium. "For some of these guys this will be the biggest rugby day of their careers, and it is a special moment in any rugby player's life to play against the Lions," he said. "It's going to be a massive occasion for the club and our supporters." The forwards are a strength for the Highlanders, who will field a virtually unchanged starting pack from the side beaten 25-22 by Crusaders in their last Super Rugby match on 3 June. Highlanders squad Team: Buckman; Naholo, Fekitoa, Walden, Li; Sopoaga, Hammington; Lienert-Brown, Coltman, Tokolahi; Ainley, Hemopo; Hunt, Evans, Whitelock (captain), Replacements: Pleasants-Tate, Seiuli, Halanukonuka, Dickson, Lentjes, Renton, Banks, Osborne. Injured All Blacks' captain Kieran Read and fly-half Aaron Cruden have been ruled out of New Zealand's Test against Samoa on Friday but will be fit to face the Lions, coach Steve Hansen said on Sunday. However, hooker Dane Coles - who has concussion problems - would not be considered, Hansen said, as the All Blacks assembled in Auckland. Ryan Crotty is "touch and go" but "everyone else is pretty good", Hansen said. Read had previously ruled himself out of the Samoa match as he recovers from a broken thumb, while Cruden damaged knee ligaments in Friday's Super Rugby match between the Waikato Chiefs and the Wellington Hurricanes. Brodie Retallick and Ben Smith were both said to be "very good" after recent concussion problems.	British and Irish Lions tour captain Sam Warburton will lead the team in Tuesday's match against the Highlanders in Dunedin.
The 34-year-old victim was attacked in Glenrosa Link in the north of the city at about 01:15 BST on Sunday. Police said he was taken to hospital and "remains in a stable condition". Officers arrested two 26-year-old men a short time after the attack. They are being questioned at Musgrave police station in Belfast.	Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was struck on the head with a hatchet in Belfast.
It was done by "flushing out" retired cells that had stopped dividing. They accumulate naturally with age. The scientists believe their findings could eventually "really have an impact" in the care of the elderly. Experts said the results were "fascinating", but should be taken with a bit of caution. The study, published in Nature, focused on what are known as "senescent cells". They stop dividing into new cells and have an important role in preventing tumours from progressing. These cells are cleared out by the immune system, but their numbers build up with time. The researchers estimated that around 10% of cells are senescent in very old people. Scientists at the Mayo Clinic, in the US, devised a way to kill all senescent cells in genetically engineered mice. The animals would age far more quickly than normal, and when they were given a drug, the senescent cells would die. The researchers looked at three symptoms of old age: formation of cataracts in the eye; the wasting away of muscle tissue; and the loss of fat deposits under the skin, which keep it smooth. Researchers said the onset of these symptoms was "dramatically delayed" when the animals were treated with the drug. When it was given after the mice had been allowed to age, there was an improvement in muscle function. One of the researchers, Dr James Kirkland, said: "I've never seen anything quite like it." His colleague Dr Jan van Deursen told the BBC: "We were very surprised by the very profound effect. I really think this is very significant." The treatment had no effect on lifespan, but that may be due to the type of genetically engineered mouse used. The study raises the tantalising prospect of slowing the signs of ageing in humans. However, senescent cells cannot be just flushed out of human beings. Dr Deursen said: "I'm very optimistic that this could really have an impact. Nobody wants to live longer if the quality of life is poor." He argued that young people were already clearing out their senescent cells. "If you can prime the immune system, boost it a little bit, to make sure senescent cells are removed, that might be all it needs. "Or develop a drug that targets senescent cells because of the unique proteins the cells make." Dr Jesus Gil, from the Medical Research Council's Clinical Sciences Centre, said the findings needed to be "taken with a bit of caution. It is a preliminary study". However, he said it was a fascinating study which "suggests if you get rid of senescent cells you can improve phenotypes [physical traits] associated with ageing and improve quality of life in aged humans".	The onset of wrinkles, muscle wasting and cataracts has been delayed and even eliminated in mice, say researchers in the US.
David Copeland was jailed for targeting Brick Lane, Soho and Brixton in 1999 in a 13-day nail bombing campaign that left three people dead and 139 injured. He has now been sentenced for attacking an inmate at HMP Belmarsh with a toothbrush modified with razor blades. Copeland, 39, will not now be eligible for release until he is in his mid-70s. Woolwich Crown Court heard that in June last year Copeland - who was given six life sentences in 2000 for the London bombings - was being held at the maximum security prison in south-east London. He had a row or dispute with fellow inmate Thomas McDonagh and entered the exercise yard the next day with a toothbrush, modified to hold two razor blades, hidden in his trousers. As he approached McDonagh, another prisoner, Sean Duignan, punched Copeland and there was a chase across the yard. Duignan ran into the prison laundry, pulled down a notice board and said: "I'm going to do him, let me have him". However, as a prisoner officer intervened to stop Duignan going after the killer, Copeland turned his attention to McDonagh. Copeland slashed twice at McDonagh, leaving him with parallel scarring from the twin-bladed weapon, one injury running from his ear across his face and the other above his eye. Moments later Copeland was overpowered by prison officers with a baton strike to his leg. He was placed in solitary confinement for 11 months. Judge Anuja Dhir QC said the attack happened so quickly that officers could not stop it. She said: "The attack involved David Copeland running 20 metres or more across the yard with a weapon on show. "He wanted to inflict a permanent reminder of what he had done - and he achieved that aim." Sentencing Copeland, who pleaded guilty to wounding with intent, the judge added: "You are dangerous, but the danger you pose to the public is sufficiently controlled." But said the nature of the offence meant she had to give him an additional sentence on top of his existing minimum term. Copeland's six life sentences carry a minimum term of 50 years. He will serve at least 18 months of his additional three-year sentence. However, Copeland will still not be released until the Parole Board is sure it is safe to do so. Throughout the hearing, Copeland - who now has a thick short beard and a receding hairline - listened intently on a video link from HMP Frankland. When Judge Dhir asked if he understood the extra sentence, he said he did and then waved to her at the end of the hearing. The judge commended Det Con Yeliz Ersiner of the Metropolitan Police for how she had handled the investigation, and prison officers Frank Hughes and Paul Leahy for their actions in the prison yard.	One of the UK's most dangerous hate-crime killers has been sentenced to three additional years in prison for attacking a fellow inmate.
Tariq Javed absconded while the jury at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court was considering its verdicts on Monday. The 37-year-old, of Aspinall Street, Rusholme, was later convicted in his absence of eight counts of sexual activity with a child under 13. Police said Javed was a "flight risk" and that ports were on alert. An arrest warrant has been issued while a sentencing date of 21 March has also been fixed. Javed is known to have links to the Stockport and Manchester areas. Det Insp Ian Cottrell, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "Javed has been convicted of incredibly serious offences committed against children. "He is thought to be a flight risk and warnings have been put in place at ports and airports to ensure he does not escape the country but faces punishment for his atrocious crimes. "I would like to make very clear that anyone found to be sheltering Javed will face arrest and prosecution." Anyone with information of Javed's whereabouts should contact police.	A manhunt is under way for a convicted sex offender who fled court shortly before he was found guilty of sexual offences against a child.
A court in Sao Paulo state made the order because it said WhatsApp had repeatedly failed to co-operate in a criminal investigation. It is not clear if mobile companies will fully comply with the order. Facebook owns the app. Its chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said he was "stunned" by the "extreme" ruling. WhatsApp is reported to be the most used application in Brazil, with about 93 million users. The TechCrunch website says it is used by 93% of the country's internet population and is especially popular among young people and the poor who take advantage of its free text message and internet telephone service. It says Brazilians spend almost twice as much time on social media as Americans. Brazilians have taken to Twitter to express their anger at the suspension but also to joke about how dependent they have become on WhatsApp. WhatsApp chief executive Jan Koum said he was "disappointed in the short-sighted decision to cut off access to WhatsApp, a communication tool that so many Brazilians have come to depend on, and sad to see Brazil isolate itself from the rest of the world". Mr Zuckerberg was also highly critical of the ruling. "This is a sad day for Brazil. Brazilians have always been among the most passionate in sharing their voice online," he wrote. "I am stunned that our efforts to protect people's data would result in such an extreme decision by a single judge to punish every person in Brazil who uses WhatsApp." The blocking of WhatsApp in Brazil is extremely disappointing. In a country where mobile providers charge a fortune for a monthly plan - not to mention the high cost of making international calls - the use of WhatsApp for both texts and internet calls allows expats like me to keep a direct line with family, friends or even colleagues back home. It's worth remembering that Brazil already has a high cost of living - services and products often cost the same price as they do in the UK - but people often only a  about a third of the wage they would here. One of my friends who works for one of the major mobile providers in Brazil said it was advising people to download alternative apps such as Viber and/or create a group on Messenger to keep the communication flowing over the next 48 hours. Local media said the order to suspend the services was related to a drug trafficking trial in Sao Paulo State. The court tried to get access to a suspect's WhatsApp messages but the firm refused to share them, Folha newspaper reported. The court says WhatsApp failed to comply with judicial orders in July and in August. Judge Sandra Regina Nostre Marques finally ordered the 48-hour shut-down on Wednesday, after finding out that WhatsApp had persisted in ignoring its rulings. She said the suspension order was being made under terms of the country's internet legislation. The move against WhatsApp comes as Brazilian phone companies have urged the government to restrict the use of free voice-over-internet services offered through WhatsApp. The phone companies argue that the rise of WhatsApp has damaged their businesses. Meanwhile other messaging services say they are benefiting from the temporary absence of WhatsApp. One such company, Telegram, said on Twitter that more than 1.5 million Brazilian users had joined up since the court order was handed down.	Mobile phone companies in Brazil have been ordered by a court to impose a block of the popular WhatsApp smartphone application for two days.
The authority hopes to create hundreds of jobs and boost the local economy using the site. Although details of its plans are still being finalised, it is thought some of the site could be turned into business units. Plans are also under way to return part of the land to farming and to build homes. The council bought the 600-acre site from the Ministry of Justice, which had earmarked the base as a potential location for a new prison. Cliff Jordan, council cabinet member for efficiency, said: "I am convinced that the price we have paid for the site represents excellent value for money for council taxpayers, and that over time, it can generate a very useful income for the authority. "No ideas are set in stone and we very much welcome the thoughts of local people and those from more widely across Norfolk. Equally, we are open to suggestions regarding a new name for the site. "We understand the strong feelings towards, and importance of, developing the site for commercial purposes while maintaining the rich military heritage which still exists. "We are working closely with English Heritage and have commissioned Cold War experts at the University of East Anglia to help us in our thinking. Allotments for local people and community woodland are also a real possibility."	The former RAF Coltishall base in Norfolk has been bought for £4m by the county council.
Distributors would not release the film unless it was given an AA certificate, but in 1980 the town slapped an X rating on the legendary comedy. Adrian Cox, who wanted to put on a screening for his birthday, begged censors to reclassify the film. They agreed Brian can now be considered less of a naughty boy and will get his night at the seaside. Train driver Mr Cox has hired his favourite cinema, the ABC, in a move he admitted was "horribly expensive". Life of Brian - the story of a man born at the same time as Jesus Christ and who is mistaken for the Messiah - was released at the end of 1979 and immediately stepped into a huge blasphemy row. Bournemouth council's environmental services committee met the following year to decide if the age limit for the film should be raised from 14 (the AA certificate) to 18. Ben Grower, who was on the committee at the time, said: "There were quite a number of right wing, religious councillors in those days. Maybe they thought it would offend the people of Bournemouth. "Personally I think the people of Bournemouth would have laughed their socks off. "It is better late than never, I hope those who go enjoy it." Mr Cox estimates he has spent more than Â£3,000 on the event for 150 to 200 people. Andrew Morgan, the current chairman of the Licensing Board at Bournemouth Borough Council, said: "I wasn't formally asked but if I had been I would have said it was high time the film was shown." Life of Brian is also due to be shown publicly in the town next month.	Monty Python's Life of Brian will get its first ever screening in Bournemouth after a 35-year stand-off with censors.
Kevin Sloane was jailed for eight years over the raid at the Martin McColls branch in Newton Mearns in 2011. He was caught after leaving his photo ID driving licence, a rental agreement, and a mask which had his DNA and the shotgun residue, in the getaway van. The Scottish Prison Service said the 31-year-old was found dead at Castle Huntly open jail in Perth and Kinross. A spokesman said: "Next of kin have been informed and a Fatal Accident Inquiry may be held in due course." Sloane was jailed at the High Court in Edinburgh in July 2012 over the robbery. The court heard that he and another man were both wearing masks when they targeted the store at 09:00 on 2 November 2011. The Post Office section was behind a secure glass screen and a locked door. The lock was blasted off and while Sloan held the gun, the other man grabbed the money from drawers. Sloane admitted threatening to shoot two people and discharging a shotgun before escaping with Â£5,705 in cash. The court was told that Sloane, who was from Paisley, Renfrewshire, had agreed to carry out the robbery to clear a drugs debt.	A man who admitted firing a shotgun during a post office robbery in East Renfrewshire has died in prison.
Philip Edwards used Midlands-based speedyproperty.co.uk to sell his three bedroom house in Hawarden, Flintshire, after seeing an advert in a newspaper. But he said he only received £68,000 from the £165,000 sale. speedyproperty.co.uk has not responded to requests for a comment. West Midlands Police is investigating. Mr Edwards, 69, contacted the firm after he saw a newspaper advert which offered a fast-cash quick-sale house selling service. He decided to use the firm to sell the semi-detached house which had belonged to his parents. Despite being sold for £165,000, Mr Edwards said he was only paid £68,000. The former funeral mortician said the rest, £96,000, was paid to two other companies. BBC Wales understands the founder of speedyproperty.co.uk is a director and shareholder of these two companies. Mr Edwards said he was not told any money from the proceeds of the sale would be made to any other companies. He said he had no knowledge of what the companies were and it was only on completion that he became aware of the payments. He said he was told the money would be invested for his future - but he said he had not been able to contact either of the companies since and has had no further correspondence from them. Mr Edwards used £64,000 from the sale to pay off a debt. He remained as a tenant in the property paying the new owner £600 a month but he fell into arrears while in hospital being treated for cancer and was evicted in 2016. He now lives in sheltered accommodation with his second wife and her son. "I'm mortified really," said Mr Edwards. "It's as if everything that my parents worked for and what I've worked for, and at the end of the day there's nothing. "It was explained to me as an investment, and it would ensure my wellbeing for years to come. "I've had to graft like anyone else, to have it all disappear..." West Midlands Police said it was looking into a number of complaints from homeowners who sold their houses through speedyproperty.co.uk - which operated through a website which is no longer accessible. Police are currently looking into a number of similar incidents. It is believed a number of different named companies with the same directors and shareholders received large sums of money from each of the house sales. The force said its Economic Crime Unit was involved in the inquiry which is looking at cases from 2013 to June 2017 and it is believed that there may be many more people who have been affected. Nigel Cole, a solicitor with Portsmouth firm Verisona Law, is preparing to issue a claim for negligence against a firm of solicitors based in the Midlands which handled some of the speedyproperty.co.uk sales. "My clients say they didn't know the payments were being made to these companies, they didn't authorise them and were shocked to see such vast amounts of money having disappeared on completion," said Mr Cole. "Mr Edwards isn't a well man… he had inherited that house from his parents and it was really his only asset in life, and he's lost that asset. "The clients are very vulnerable, they're elderly, two of them have cancer… they're not sophisticated people and I think they've been taken advantage of and had these massive sums deducted and paid to these organisations. "They've lost their life savings in these transactions… they've had to leave the houses and go into other houses and temporary council accommodation." speedyproperty.co.uk did not respond to numerous requests to comment.	A man who used a "quick sale" firm to sell his home claims he received less than half of what the property was actually sold for.
Ministers say up to 10% of jobseekers have fallen victim to a scam, losing up to Â£500 for non-existent checks or being tricked into calling premium rate phone lines for interviews. Employment minister Damian Hinds said people should be cautious. Jobseekers should check the Saferjobs website for tips, he added. "Jobseekers, typically ordinary people on low income, are being targeted by fraudsters," he said. "Many of the people affected are just looking to provide for their families, and instead face financial hardship at no fault of their own." Keith Rosser, chairman of Saferjobs, a joint industry and law enforcement organisation which aims to tackle recruitment fraud, said: "Recruitment fraud is varied and affects people in different ways. "It can be a fake job offer advising that the individual needs to pay for security checks, online training, visas or insurance, or a work-from-home scam conning people into money laundering. "Unfortunately, job scams are on the rise and in the last two years we have witnessed a 300% rise in recruitment related fraud and misconduct." The organisation's tips for jobseekers include:	Jobseekers are being conned out of hundreds of pounds by scammers taking money for fake security checks and training, the government has warned.
The names were revealed as the National Records of Scotland published the forenames of the 56,725 births that were registered in 2014. The independence referendum may have had an influence on some parents, as two children were named Freedom and another three named Indy. Some other names featured included Bluebell-Fawn, Nicholas-Darius, Leonidas and Dodge. In December, it was announced that Jack and Emily were the most popular names for babies registered in Scotland. Some of the other more unusual names in the 2014 list include Arrlo, Draven, Daiquiri, Emmett, Spartacus and Thor. Juniper, Jolynn-Diamond, Maddyson-Dyamonds, Thirteena-Starr and Lilias-Anne were also names given to Scots born last year. Scots mothers were perhaps inspired by the hit TV show Game of Thrones, as Khaleesi was the name given to three girls. In total 3,359 different forenames for boys were used, while 4,427 different girls names were registered.	Three baby boys born in Scotland last year were called M, R and T.
Find out more about each of the candidates below. Robert Evans, who is standing as the Labour candidate, was the first MEP for London North West, specialising during his time in the European Parliament on European crime prevention. He is a former primary school teacher who now works as a freelance consultant and public-relations executive and is the chairman of Runnymede and Weybridge Labour Party. Mr Evans is campaigning to resist funding cuts and "privatisation" plans and said he would "reverse" cuts in support for domestic abuse and freeze further police station closures, pledging there would be no "soft touch" policing on his watch. Robert Evans's election statement Kevin Hurley, a former borough and public-order commander with the Met, is standing as a candidate for the "zero tolerance policing ex chief" party. He comes from a family with strong police links - his parents served in the force as does his son - and has experience of dealing with police balance sheets as well as being a chief constable in Iraq. The former detective chief superintendent describes his police methods as "no nonsense" and said he wanted police chiefs to be leaders, not bureaucratic managers, and he was a strong believer in zero-tolerance policing. Kevin Hurley's election statement Julie Iles, was selected from an initial shortlist of six candidates by the Conservative Party in Surrey. She has been a magistrate for 10 years and chairman of the South East Surrey Youth Panel, serving on the youth justice advisory committee. She worked in information technology for 20 years, advising business executives. Mrs Iles says she wants to correct the disparity between Surrey's low crime rate and poor detection rate, ensuring police are "visible" and available to the public, and to work with other agencies to target anti-social behaviour and alcohol-related crime. Julie Iles's election statement Nick O'Shea is a businessman and former Mole Valley district councillor, with strong police connections, who has been chosen as the Liberal Democrat candidate. His father and grandfather were both in the Surrey force and another family member is currently a serving officer. Mr O'Shea is a director of a number of businesses and a chartered management accountant. He said he wanted to put the focus on victims and witnesses of crime - improving support to encourage more offences to be reported. Nick O'Shea's election statement Former Surrey police officer Robert Shatwell is UKIP's candidate. He said he understood the workings of Surrey Police and the problems it faced because he was part of the force for 18 years. Mr Shatwell wants to re-establish the beat officer system and continue UKIP's policy of "zero tolerance" on crime. He said prison sentences were far too lenient and there was no deterrent being used to reduce the number and severity of crimes. UKIP leader and South East of England MEP Nigel Farage said he was delighted that the party had a candidate with such experience running for the position. Robert Shatwell's election statement The current chairman of Surrey Police Authority, Peter Williams, has been an independent member of the organisation he hopes to replace for nine years. He has worked in the criminal-justice system for more than 20 years and has been a magistrate for 17. He said that as a chief executive he has experience of handling large budgets. Mr Williams wants to build on the county's recent reputation for high public satisfaction by continuing to consult residents on policing and said his priorities would include tackling anti-social behaviour, collaboration with neighbouring forces and holding the chief constable to account. Peter Williams's election statement	Independent Kevin Hurley has been elected police and crime commissioner for Surrey.
Starting in north east Wales, Stephen Crabb and Lord Maude's visits include Airbus in Broughton and Wrexham-based financial services company DTCC. Mr Crabb said he wanted to "showcase our country to the world", and show how the UK government could help companies. Foreign investment created over 5,000 Welsh jobs in 2015, ministers said. "Last year 4,000 Welsh companies took their first steps into export, and this year we are already up to 3000," Mr Crabb said as the tour began on Thursday. "I urge those companies considering exporting to go on the Exporting is Great website or come to the first ever Exporting is Great roadshow in Wales, which kicks off next month." Lord Maude added: "It has been inspiring seeing the enthusiasm for exporting here in Wales, and hearing the success that can be achieved when companies start to expand overseas. "With exports approaching Â£3bn each year in Wales alone, there is clearly demand out there for UK products and services." On Friday, Lord Maude will be in Deeside, visiting Toyota's engine plant and medical supplies firm ConvaTec, where he will meet the Welsh government's Economy Minister Edwina Hart. UK Trade and Investment, the government department responsible for encouraging investment by overseas firms, works with the Welsh government to bring projects to Wales. On Wednesday, Mrs Hart announced plans for up to 44 events in 16 countries to raise Wales' trade and tourism profile in 2016-17.	The Welsh secretary and the UK trade minister have begun a two-day tour of successful firms in Wales, as part of a drive to boost exports.
A total of 43 prospective athletes have been identified for the Team of Refugee Olympic Athletes (ROA), which will compete under the Olympic flag. "By welcoming ROA to the Olympic Games in Rio, we want to send a message of hope to all the refugees of the world," said International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach. "This team will be treated like all the other teams." As well as sporting ability, selection criteria will include personal circumstances and United Nations-verified refugee status. Athletes will then be supported with funds to train. "This team may end up between five and 10 athletes maybe," said Bach. "We have no target. It depends very much on the sporting qualifications." The ROA will be housed in the athletes' village and will enter the opening ceremony as the penultimate team, ahead of hosts Brazil. The IOC also issued assurances over the Zika virus, slow ticket sales, water pollution and facilities. So far, fewer than half of the 7.5 million tickets issued for the Games, which will run from 5-21 August, have been sold. Sales of more expensive tickets for premium events and the opening ceremony mean ticket revenues have reached 74% or $195m (£139m), but the build-up to the Games has been overshadowed by an economic downturn in Brazil, political turmoil and Zika. The 2012 Olympics in London reached its revenue target from ticket sales months before the start because of huge demand and, overall, 96% of the 8.2 million tickets were sold. `"I have no concerns at all there," said Bach. "Brazilians, they do not buy tickets at such an early stage, as the British or the Germans. There is no concern at all. We had comparable figures before other Olympic Games. "I have no doubt that when the time comes, these numbers will increase." Brazil has been at the centre of the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which has been linked to a rise in cases of babies born with unusually small heads. As the British Olympic Association warned pregnant women to avoid all non-essential travel to Brazil, the IOC said it continues to follow the advice of the World Health Organisation (WHO), which has said that Brazil should be safe during its winter. Rio 2016 communications director Mario Andrada said athletes will have air conditioning in their rooms and will be advised to keep the windows closed to keep any mosquitoes out. "Zika is a moving target," he said. "It's a global tragedy, especially for women and pregnant woman. But from a broader games perspective, the WHO believes it will not be a major factor." Andrada also said that that the Brazilian government would issue a presidential decree to ensure that a $25m (£17.7m) drug testing lab in Rio does not go unused. The World Anti-Doping Agency has issued a deadline of 18 March for Brazil to comply with international doping legislation. The decree, to be issued on 15 March, will "solve this problem", according to Andrada, because there is not enough time to push new laws through parliament. Before the outbreak of the Zika virus, there were health concerns about pollution in the water where some events will be held. As a result, Guanabara Bay, which will host sailing and swimming, and the lagoon where rowing and canoeing events will take place are to be subject to increased testing. Both sites will be examined every other day from April, and then on a daily basis during the Games. In addition, Andrada claimed that almost all venues were ready for the Olympics, saying: "All venues are almost around 95% ready. "The velodrome needs a little more but it will be ready at the end of April."	A team of refugees will compete at this summer's Olympics in Rio.
Media playback is not supported on this device The Briton hit back with a first and a third to close on Finn class leader Jonas Hogh-Christensen to three points with two races and the medal race left. Ainslie claimed Hogh-Christensen and Dutchman Pieter-Jan Postma teamed up against him, forcing him to do a penalty turn in race two. Ganging up is a hard allegation "They've made a big mistake," said three-time Olympic champion Ainslie. "They've made me angry and you don't want to make me angry." The 35-year-old resumed after the rest day with his pursuit of a fourth Olympic title in the balance. Ainslie had not managed to beat surprise leader Hogh-Christensen in any of the first six races and was 10 points behind the Dane. But he made an aggressive statement of intent in the first race in big waves and strong winds out in Weymouth Bay. Ainslie led off the start line leaving Hogh-Christensen in his wake, but the Dane fought back from eighth to fourth on the first downwind leg before capsizing and losing 30 seconds as he righted his boat. Postma overhauled Ainslie briefly but the Briton regained the lead to cross the finish line with a substantial gap and pumped his fists in delight. Hogh-Christensen came home in eighth to see his overall lead narrow to four points. "I had a day off yesterday and I watched the girls winning the gold medal in the rowing and Bradley Wiggins smashing the time trial and that was a big inspiration," said Ainslie. "I thought to myself, 'If they can go out and do that, why can't I?' "You see British people performing really well at the highest level and it inspires you to do the same." In race two, the action heated up even more as the Dane and the Dutchman both claimed Ainslie hit a mark. Ainslie says he did not, but took a penalty turn as a precaution, fearing he would lose in the protest room later with two voices against one. But that fired him up and he made up 70m on the final downwind leg to overtake Hogh-Christensen for third. After crossing the line, Ainslie was seen to gesture angrily towards the Dane. "The Dutch and the Danish guys teamed up against me to claim I hit the mark when I didn't," said Ainslie. "I was seriously unhappy about that. It's disappointing. It's happened to me a lot in the Olympics before but I guess I'm older and wise enough to know not to fall for it. "But those guys better watch out.  I can tell you, it's made me pretty angry to make amends. It is sport, they're going to take any advantage they can. I don't particularly appreciate it because I'm sure I didn't hit the mark. Maybe their time will come." Ainslie was the subject of a protest from a French sailor in the second race in Athens and opted not to take a penalty turn at the time. He lost his argument in the protest room later and was disqualified from the race, giving him a 26th place. That result instantly became the one score he would discard and left him with no room for error for the rest of the regatta, and he was forced to fight extra hard to secure his third gold. Hogh-Christensen was unrepentant and claims he saw Ainslie hit the mark. "Ganging up is a hard allegation," he said. "I don't think anybody teams up to call somebody on that. "I saw him hit the mark, I think the Dutch guy saw him hit the mark, so if two guys see it, it's probably because he hit the mark. There was no bad words from either of us, we just called him on it. "He decided to do what he had to do and he took his penalty. If he was so sure he didn't hit the mark, why do you take the penalty? "The exchange of words was probably unnecessary but that's the way life is. What Ben said is between me and Mr Ainslie."	Ben Ainslie warned his rivals they had "made him angry" as he reignited his quest for a fourth Olympic gold medal.
CBP issued the clarification after a handful of Michigan hospitals said some Canadian employees had been stopped at the border. Henry Ford Health System officials grew concerned when somenurses reported problems renewing work permits. CBP says nurses affected should reapply for the permit. Many Detroit-area hospitals recruit Canadian nurses to work in the US under so-called Nafta professional TN permits. But Henry Ford Health System (HFHS), which operates a number of hospitals in the Detroit area, held a news conference earlier this week to discuss concerns that some Canadian nurses with advanced specialties were having a hard time either renewing their TN status or getting the classification at the border. The Michigan Council of Nurse Practitioners sent a note this week to members citing one nurse's story, a Canadian who had been working in Detroit for years. Her TN status was up for renewal but says she was told that nurse practitioners might not be covered when she went to get it updated. That nurse has since been able to renew her TN and return to work, according to the council. Under the Nafta non-immigrant professional TN category, which includes medical professionals, citizens of Canada and Mexico can work in the US for American or foreign employers. It is unclear how many nurses may have had problems at the border. HFHS officials and Marc Topoleski, an immigration lawyer they retained, declined interview requests on Friday, but said they were "looking forward to working with CBP to resolve this issue on behalf of our nurses". According to HFHS figures, they had 362 Canadian nurses working for them in 2015, and have actively sought to hire Canadian nurses to fill jobs in specialty areas at their health centres. Many more Canadian nurses work in other area hospitals, commuting to work in a short trip across the Detroit River. Some 30 advanced specialty nurse practitioners and nurse anaesthetists employed by HFHS could be affected by any policy changes related to the TN Nafta professionals classification, according to the hospital's officials. In a statement on Friday morning, CBP said that there had been no "policy changes that would affect TN status" and that the most common problem it sees for people trying to get TN status or visas is improper paperwork and a lack of relevant documents. Later on Friday, CBP spokesman Kris Grogan said the agency has performed a review and have "deemed that those specialised degrees do fall under the TN status". Laurie Tannous, a special adviser at the Cross Border Institute at the University of Windsor in Ontario, said reports of border problems might not be related to any direct CBP policy changes but instead a more literal reading of Nafta regulations by border officials under the Trump administration. Ms Tannous noted that registered nurses do qualify to work in the US under the TN category - but the Nafta text does not specify anything with regards to nurses who have specialised skills. "They are doing a literal interpretation," she said. "Now they are reading line-by-line." Ms Tannous added the concern was that, while hospital officials have said they are willing to apply for other work visas for their nurses, they needed to know whether their employees would be at work that day - or stopped at the border. "There's a nursing shortage in Michigan. There's a reason why they all employ Canadian nurses," she said. "There are patients that need care and to run hospitals on a short staff is a scary thought."	US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) says its officers have been told specialised nurses from Canada do qualify for Nafta professional visas.
The project is being planned for the sea just off Murlough Bay - an area of special scientific interest. But the energy company said the bay is just one of two options for bringing the cables ashore. It said if the bay is chosen there will be conditions to the planning approval. Patrick Casement is amongst those opposed to the cable plan at Murlough Bay. He said laying an underground cable to a sub-station some distance away would create a "scar on the landscape that will take years to heal". DP Energy want to build the first commercial tidal scheme in Northern Ireland and have identified an area near Fair Head. It said it can generate enough power for 70,000 homes. The company has two options for getting the power ashore. The first is a cable run of 2km to Murlough Bay. The second is a longer route covering 10km and coming ashore near Ballycastle. DP Energy has not yet decided which it will choose. Clodagh McGrath from DP Energy said if it gets the go-ahead the project would "have a range of conditions that have to be complied with". So far the company has only applied for permission for the off-shore element of the project. A range of turbines options are being considered. Some are totally submerged, but others would have service pods protruding above the waves. DP Energy said there will be a separate planning application for the onshore work, including the cabling, in due course.	Residents living near a picturesque bay in County Antrim have said they are against the landing of power cables from a proposed tidal energy scheme there.
Want to do something more constructive? How about using your time to try and improve the lives of people who have been horrifically disfigured in acid attacks? That's what a team of British and Danish medical professionals does. The members use their holidays to travel around the world offering free plastic surgery to some of the poorest people in the world. The team, part of British charity Interplast UK, includes surgeons, anaesthetists, nurses, a physiotherapist - even a pharmacist. They pay for their own flights, and often their own accommodation too. Then they set up shop in a local hospital and prepare for a surgical marathon - treating as many needy patients as they can in the two weeks or so they are in the country. I met them in the Indian capital, Delhi, where they undertook more than 100 surgical procedures in less than two weeks. They see lots of children with cleft palates and the victims of burns and other accidental injuries, but about a quarter of their patients are people who have been deliberately disfigured: doused in acid in horrific attacks. These attacks can utterly devastate lives, causing terrible injuries. Everyone agrees these acid attacks are too common in India, but there are no reliable statistics. Government figures suggest there are perhaps 1,000 such attacks a year; campaigners say that is a grotesque underestimate.  They say the real figure is many, many times higher. You might imagine that operating on the people who suffered these terrible injuries would be depressing. Quite the opposite, says retired NHS plastic surgeon Charles Viva. Middlesbrough-based Mr Viva has been running these "surgerythons" in developing countries for more than four decades. He says the courage his patients show is an inspiration to him. Anupama is a case in point. She has travelled more than 1,000km (621 miles) from her home in the Indian state of Bihar to be here. Before she goes into the operating theatre, Anupama shows me her most treasured possession: her collection of photographs taken before she was assaulted. She holds up a picture of a beautiful and confident young girl, sitting on a bed in a vivid red and gold sari.  Her head is tilted proudly up towards the camera. "The attack happened three months after this photograph was taken," she tells me. She was 14 years old. Twenty years later, Anupama is still a happy and proud woman, but her features have been utterly destroyed. Most acid survivors are women, and most attackers are men, wreaking a terrible revenge, more often than not for some fairly minor slight. So Anupama's story is horrifically predictable. She and her sister had been sexually harassed by a neighbouring family, she says.  The two sons and a daughter had started propositioning her, calling out lewd comments, and trying to lure her into their house. When her father complained, they became angry. A few nights later, they came to the family house and threw acid on Anupama and her sister while they were sleeping. Her sister escaped with minor injuries. Not Anupama. The lower part of her face was melted in the attack.  Her lip hangs loose and she has terrible scars all the way down her neck and on her chest. Acid survivors are supposed to get free treatment but all too often the surgery is substandard. Anupama has had a number of operations and each time, she says, she was told that she could only get the most rudimentary treatment. Then, she tells me sadly, the surgeon would say he could give her much better care if she saw him as a private patient.  But Anupama and her family are too poor to afford private surgery. That's where Mr Viva and his team come in.  They offer high quality surgery for no charge to anyone who needs it. In a surprisingly short operation, Mr Viva and his team reshape her mouth to stop her dribbling when she eats. A couple of hours later, she is enjoying a cup of tea and a biscuit. You might imagine she would be destroyed by what she has suffered since the attack, but Anupama is a study in fortitude. She says she is looking forward to seeing the results of the surgery once the scars heal and talks about how she wants to get a job so she can look after herself, but the treatment she has received for her injuries has not been good. Ghalib Muaddam, the anaesthetist with the team, tells me how satisfying he finds these trips. "Sometimes I feel when I work in the UK, if I am away, someone would step in and do my job," he says. "Here, you feel you actually make a difference." Some years, he uses all his holiday to work with Interplast UK. He does not see it as a sacrifice. "You get a lot back from doing these trips.  I look at myself and I think how would I behave if I had such a significant burn? And I don't know if I would be so brave. In that way they are very inspiring, because they get on with life." As Anupama packs up her bags, ready for the long trip back to her home on the other side of India, I can see what he means. Lots of us seek to change our own lives for the better when we go on holiday. It is a much greater achievement to change someone else's.	Are you tired of the same boring holidays?
The 22-year-old woman, who has lupus and kidney problems, sought to end the pregnancy, which doctors said posed a serious risk to her life. The foetus developed without a complete brain and skull and died shortly after birth. Last week the supreme court upheld El Salvador's absolute ban on abortions. Health Minister Maria Isabel Rodriguez said the baby had died five hours after the C-section. Doctors decided the procedure had become necessary when the woman started having contractions on Sunday night, Ms Rodriguez said. She insisted that the medical intervention did not contravene the court ruling. Under the ruling, she said, "mother had to be given all the necessary protection to save her life, while analysing how long one could wait and do the utmost to save the baby's life". It is not clear how far advanced exactly the pregnancy was, with local sources saying the woman was 24 weeks pregnant, while Reuters news agency said she was 27 weeks pregnant and Agence France Press agency reporting she had the C-section after 26 weeks of gestation. Sources: World Health Organisation, Guttmacher Institute The woman, referred to as "Beatriz", is now in a stable condition in intensive care. Her plight had drawn international attention after the Supreme Court denied her the abortion she was seeking despite the medical risks involved in the pregnancy and the low chances of the foetus surviving beyond birth. A medical committee at her maternity hospital, the Ministry of Health and rights groups had supported her request to terminate her pregnancy. But the Supreme Court argued that the "the rights of the mother cannot take precedence over those of the unborn child or vice versa, and that there is an absolute bar to authorising an abortion" under the Salvadoran constitution. El Salvador banned all types of abortion in 1999. The sentence for doctors and women violating that ban is 50 years in prison. A non-binding resolution by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights last week called on the Salvadoran authorities to take action to save Beatriz's life. "This pregnancy is a risk to her life, a fact that merits extreme and urgent measures to be taken to safeguard her health," the regional court based in San Jose, Costa Rica, said. Women's rights groups in El Salvador have welcomed the decision by the country's health ministry to allow the C-section but have condemned the long wait Beatriz had to endure, which they say inflicted "unnecessary suffering". Spokeswoman for the anti-abortion group Red Familia Claudia Handal also welcomed the outcome. "We're happy because as we said from the beginning, it wasn't necessary to perform an abortion, the point was to respect the baby's life and to give Beatriz the care and the right to health that she deserved," she told Reuters news agency.	A seriously ill woman who was denied an abortion by the Supreme Court in El Salvador has undergone a premature Caesarean section.
The 25-year-old has been with the Lions since an initial loan spell from Newcastle United in 2015. The Northern Ireland international has scored three goals in 34 appearances for Millwall so far this season. "It was an easy decision. The team, coaching staff and fans have all made me feel at home here. I am excited to be staying," he told the club website.	Millwall winger Shane Ferguson has signed a new deal with the League One club until the summer of 2019.
Grenades were thrown at La Chaumiere restaurant in the capital of the Horn of Africa country, officials said. At least another 11 people were wounded. Unconfirmed reports said that two employees had been killed and several foreigners wounded. No group has said it carried out the attack and the motive was not immediately clear. Colonel Omar Hassan, head of police in Djibouti City, told Reuters: "It's a criminal act. We have two people dead and 11 wounded. It was grenades." Djibouti's ADI news agency reported several explosions around 20:00 local time (17:00 GMT) and said that the area was quickly sealed off by police. Djibouti, a former French colony, is home to US and French military bases and also contributes troops to the African Union force fighting al-Shabab militants in Somalia. Its port is also used by foreign navies protecting the Gulf of Aden's shipping lanes from Somali pirates.	At least two people have been killed in an attack on a restaurant popular with Westerners in Djibouti, police say.
She automatically took a colouring book and crayons as she showed them to their table. Mr Lusted, 26, stands 3ft 7in tall. His now fiancee Miss Roberts, 20, is 5ft 7in. "I said, 'thank you very much' to the waitress, and as soon as she heard my voice she knew I wasn't a child," Mr Lusted said. "She hid the colouring book behind her back and didn't disturb us again." Thankfully the couple from Colwyn Bay, Conwy, both saw the funny side. Mr Lusted was born with Diastrophic Dyslasia - a rare genetic condition that causes dwarfism - despite his parents both being of average height. He has led an eventful life. He left school at 16 and is now a TV presenter and motivational speaker. He has twice represented Great Britain in the World Dwarf Games and has been the UK champion at Class One badminton for nine years. He carried the Olympic torch when it travelled through Wales in 2012. But his life has been far from easy. His condition has meant that he spent a lot of his early life in and out of hospital. He said: "I have had constant treatment on my neck and to straighten my limbs. "Dad had to use a spanner every day to twist the nuts on my frame to straighten my legs and sometimes you could hear the bones creaking. "The toughest time of my life was when I was 14 to 15. "I had a tough year because I was being bullied that year. I don't know why or if it is because of how I was. "I remember I had a knife thrown at me. I was pinned up against the wall with my little legs dangling there and it really affected me." He added: "I have often thought from an early age who would want to marry me, a dwarf from Wales." Source: BBC But he has found happiness with Miss Roberts and recently asked her to marry him. Miss Roberts said: "All little girls dream about having their tall, dark and handsome prince charming. "Never in my life did I think I'd date someone like James. "Some people took a little longer to get used to the idea because he is a dwarf and I'm not." The couple now face pressure from family members to have genetic tests if they have children to see if they would also be affected by James's condition. Miss Roberts said: "A few of my family members would prefer me to be tested to see if I would have a dwarf child, but even if there was a chance of having a dwarf kid, it wouldn't change my mind." Mr Lusted said: "When we're married, we'd love to have children and having a dwarf wouldn't bother us at all." He added: "Even if we didn't have a dwarf, I don't think we'd think twice about adopting one. Their life is just as precious as our and we want to give them an opportunity too."	As they were shown to a table for dinner Chloe Roberts and James Lusted had seen the waitress pick up something as well as the menus.
The Federal Reserve introduced a subtle change of tone, saying it would be "patient" in moving to normalise interest rates. That statement was seen as firmer than the previous "considerable time" before rates were raised. The Nikkei jumped 2.4% to close at 17,621.40 points. The broader Topix rose 2.4% to 1,409.61. Japan's central bank kept monetary policy on hold after having surprised markets two months ago with a stimulus increase. Crude oil also pared its declines, rising by 1.4% in US trading. Australia's S&P/ASX200 index rallied 2.45% to close at 5,338.65 points while New Zealand stocks added 0.2% to 5,527.75. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose about 1.3% to close at 23,116.63 points while the Shanghai Composite gained 1.7% to reach 3,108.60 points. A big mover was Chinese electric car-maker BYD, which surged nearly 20% in Hong Kong after shareholder Berkshire Hathaway denied it was looking to reduce its stake in the company. Speculation that legendary US investor Warren Buffett was going to cut his holdings in BYD had sparked a record fall the day before.	Markets in Asia rose in the wake of US markets' overnight records - inspired by Wednesday's apparent hardening of the US's stance on interest rates.
The American fighter, 34, won the IBF super-lightweight title in 2007 and the WBA welterweight title in 2012. He was beaten by British pair Amir Khan and Ricky Hatton and Saturday's defeat by Birmingham's Sam Eggington took his record to 36 wins from 44 fights. Malignaggi said he has many "incredible memories" from boxing and he will continue to work in the media. In a statement released 19 years to the day since his first amateur bout, Malignaggi said his life is now in a place he "never dreamed it could be in". He added: "I'm looking forward to a long fruitful career now behind the mic, staying around the sport I love so much and the sport that changed my life for the better."	Former two-weight world champion Paulie Malignaggi has retired from boxing after over 15 years as a professional.
The National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) has taken blood and urine samples from the boxer, who has denied the charges. On Wednesday night, Punjab police arrested the boxer's sparring partner, Ram Singh. Vijender Singh was questioned last month after police seized 26kg (57lbs) of heroin from a flat in Mohali. Fifteen people, including a Canada-based Indian, were held in connection with the drug haul, believed to have a street value of 1.3bn rupees ($24m; Â£16m). One of the arrested men allegedly said he had sold drugs to the boxer. The boxer had refused to take a dope test ever since the scandal broke, but finally agreed to give samples on Wednesday. "The blood and urine samples of Vijender and other boxers have been taken," Sports Minister Jitendra Singh said late on Wednesday. "I will wait for the results before deciding on any action. I don't want to speculate. But even if Vijender has made a mistake, he should of course be punished or penalised, but after that his rehabilitation should start," the minister said. Meanwhile, Punjab police on Wednesday night said the boxer's sparring partner, Ram Singh, had been arrested "for custodial interrogation". They said they had recovered 5kg of a party drug from the home of one of his relatives at the weekend. A few days ago, the police said in a statement that investigations had revealed that Vijender Singh "had consumed heroin about 12 times and Ram Singh about five times" between last December and February. The police also said that the boxer had spoken on the phone a number of times to a man described as the main suspect, said to be based in Canada. Vijender Singh became a national hero when he won a bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He also represented India at the London Games, although he did not win a medal. The boxer has endorsed big brand names and makes regular appearances on reality television shows and at Bollywood parties. He has also been awarded India's highest sporting honour, the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award,	India's Olympics medal-winning boxer Vijender Singh has taken a dope test after charges that he took heroin procured from alleged smugglers.
After a close semi-final, Max Vickers, Craig Ward, Truly Ford and Jason Jones were sent home. This means Gavin Rossdale is the only coach without any acts in the final. In no particular order, take a look at The Voice 2017 finalists. Act: Into the Ark Coach: Tom Jones Into the Ark are made up of 20-year-old Taylor Jones and 25-year-old Dane Lloyd from South Wales. They met when they were teenagers and found out they had the same taste in music. They've been playing together ever since! Act: Michelle John Coach: Will.i.am When she was little, Michelle started singing in her local Gospel Choir. So far in her career, she's worked with lots of different musicians including Ed Sheeran. She's even performed at a concert for Barack Obama at The White House. Michelle was a vocal coach on an old TV singing contest called Pop Idol but now she's front of stage and ready for the final. Act: Mo Adeniran Coach: Jennifer Hudson Twenty-one-year-old Mo was asked to audition for The Voice after people heard him sing at an open mic night. He almost teamed up with his housemate, Max Vickers, to perform as a duo but they decided they weren't ready. Sadly, his friend Max is out of the show but Mo is still in with a chance of winning The Voice. Act: Jamie Miller Coach: Jennifer Hudson At 19-years-old, Jamie is the youngest finalist in The Voice 2017. He quit his job for a chance on the show and has a supportive family in Cardiff. Jamie's been singing since primary school and his older sisters are pretty proud of their brother for getting this far. Good luck to all four finalists!	Making it through to the final of The Voice 2017 are... drum roll please... Michelle John, Mo Adeniran, Into The Ark and Jamie Miller!
Olympic super-heavyweight champion Joshua fights Whyte for the vacant belt at London's O2 Arena on 12 December. Whyte also called Commonwealth champion Joshua "a scumbag" and "a fake". "People say 'it was the amateurs, it doesn't matter'. But he was on the end of those punches, so it's in the back of his mind," Whyte told BBC Sport. "Pumping up your muscles and getting bigger and stronger is one thing, a boxer's mentality is another. "He's used to being the bully and being on top. But what happens when he tries to impose himself and he keeps being denied? We'll find out soon." Watford's Joshua, 26, has knocked out all 14 of his professional opponents and none of them has made it past the third round. In his last fight in September, Joshua won the Commonwealth title courtesy of a 97-second knockout of Scotland's Gary Cornish. But while Londoner Whyte respects Joshua's abilities in the ring, he is less complimentary about Joshua as a person. "He pretends to be this good guy but he's got no manners and speaks bad about fighters he's beaten," said Whyte, referring to comments Joshua made about Paul Butlin, a previous victim. "OK, you won a gold medal at the Olympics, you're going well, people are happy for you. But don't look down on those who have had a harder route than you. "He preaches to stay humble, but the way he preaches it's like he's trying to convince himself he's a good person." Whyte, 27, is no stranger to controversy, having been banned for two years in 2012 after testing positive for a banned stimulant. However, he is undefeated in 16 professional contests, with 13 knockouts, and is now handled by Wladimir Klitschko's trainer Johnathon Banks. And Whyte believes sharing a training camp with Klitschko, who defends his world titles against Britain's Tyson Fury on 28 November, has greatly improved him as a boxer. "You pick up a lot of experience being around the best heavyweight of the last 10 years," said Whyte, speaking from Klitschko's camp in the Austrian Alps. "And Johnathon Banks is a very important part of my game now. It's all about technique, being faster, being more accurate. "I'm completely different to everyone Anthony Joshua has fought. Dillian Whyte will be victorious. I'll go for the win whichever way I can get it but I definitely want to knock him out."	Dillian Whyte believes his amateur victory over Anthony Joshua left mental scars that will reopen when they box for the British heavyweight title.
The 28-year-old centre-back was released by City earlier this summer, having spent most of last season on loan at AFC Wimbledon. Meanwhile, goalkeeper Luke McCormick, 32, has agreed a new undisclosed-length contract with Argyle. McCormick has made 287 appearances across two spells with Plymouth, including 48 last season as they reached the League Two play-off final. Osborne replaces Peter Hartley, who left for Bristol Rovers earlier this month, while the club are still awaiting a decision from Curtis Nelson on whether he will sign a new deal. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Plymouth Argyle have signed former Bristol City defender Karleigh Osborne.
The FCA said online sales by insurers, brokers and price comparison websites could leave people unaware of the difference between paying monthly or yearly. It said this made it difficult to compare products. The regulator said it expected all firms to take action where necessary. The FCA said its findings revealed that insurers and intermediaries did not always provide clear and easily understandable information about the overall cost of paying for insurance, meaning that consumers could struggle to compare the difference between paying upfront or in instalments. In some cases, people may not realise there is a price difference between the two. The FCA focused on the online sale of home and car insurance and followed the process up to the point where customers are required to input their payment details. The review included 13 insurers and 30 insurance intermediaries, including four price comparison websites. Linda Woodall, acting director of supervision at the FCA, said: "Consumers should expect clear information about the payment options available to them. "Regardless of whether people choose to pay upfront or in instalments, it's important that they can see exactly what they are signing up for and how much it costs, so they can decide whether they are getting a fair deal." The FCA also said firms providing regulated credit or acting as credit brokers were failing to provide a representative example setting out the interest rate, any fees or charges, a representative annual percentage rate (APR) and the total amount payable, which they are required to do. In some cases, it was not made clear that a fee would be charged by firms using a credit broker. A spokesman for the Association of British Insurers (ABI) said: "Insurers want to ensure that any premium finance options are clearly and fully set out as part of the sales process, so that customers know exactly how much they have to pay for their insurance. "Our members will be carefully considering the findings of this FCA review to ensure that all motor and household insurance customers understand the cost of the different premium payment options."	The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) says insurance companies are not being clear enough about the cost of paying premiums in instalments.
The Austrian hit a three-under-par 69 to take a three-stroke lead over South African Dylan Frittelli into Sunday. Fisher also carded a 69 to lie alongside American David Lipsky and South Africa's George Coetzee and Dean Burmester on 11 under. Finland's Mikko Korhonen had a hole-in-one at the 16th.	England's Ross Fisher is tied third going into the final round of the Shenzhen International, four shots behind leader Bernd Wiesberger.
One passenger was also hurt in the crash, according to state-owned broadcaster, Channel One. The aircraft reportedly came down in Kawm Awshim in Fayoum province, about 100 km (62 miles) south of Cairo. The broadcaster said the crash had been caused by "technical failure". The defence minister has ordered an inquiry into the accident. Earlier reports had stated that seven crew were killed in the crash.	A military aircraft has crashed on a training mission in Egypt, killing six troops, Egyptian officials say.
John Hardie shared a room with Swinno last week. I'm not sure Hards understood a lot of what was said that week. There's a guy across the road rearranging his bed in the back of a small campervan. Looks like he might be going swimming soon. Not a bad life here in Australia. When you can still go swimming in winter you know things aren't too shabby. As rugby players, we always like to look forward, we don't tend to look backwards all that much. It's no harm to do it sometimes, though. It helps to remind you - if you need reminding - that these are pretty special moments. Sitting here as Scotland captain in Greig Laidlaw's absence is lovely and surreal at the same time. We're playing the Wallabies on Saturday after losing to them by one point in the autumn - very hard to take - and by one point at the World Cup, which was hard enough to take as I watched it at home so I can only imagine what it was like for the boys who played in it. I didn't watch it live. I got a text from my dad while it was happening and he said, "Are you looking at this?!" but I only sat down to take it in later that night. Media playback is not supported on this device Missing that World Cup was the most disappointed I've ever been in rugby. I wanted to be part of it, but wasn't. It was a bit galling. I've always said that coming back into the set-up for the Six Nations in 2016 after not playing in the championship for four years was probably an even prouder moment for me than winning my first cap. When I wasn't making the squad people used to ask me why. Somebody said, 'Why don't you announce your Scotland retirement?' and I thought that's all fine but I'm not playing so what, exactly, am I retiring from? We had a second-row at Glasgow, Andy Newman, a Welshman, and Andy never got capped and he always said, self-mockingly, that one day he was going to announce that he was retiring from international rugby. Pete Edwards is like that at the Scarlets. Pete's a prop and a great character. He's 36, has never been capped and he says, "Boys, this is the year I'm going to do it, I'm finally going to quit Test rugby." Hopefully that's where the similarities between Pete and myself end, but I felt saying I was retiring from Scotland would have had the same vibe. It would have been comic and a bit embarrassing. I didn't consider it, though I wondered if I'd ever be back. The only point that I could see in saying that I was quitting was maybe to give my family some closure on it, to stop them waiting for a day that I might be selected again. I believe in a way it's always hardest on those around you who would back you no matter what. So being here in Coogee is brilliantly bizarre. We got here on Sunday night and went for a dip in the sea on Monday. After the humidity of Singapore it was great to get in the water and cool down. The game against Italy was draining. Successful, but difficult in a way that's hard to describe. There was almost an inability to stand up at times in that match. I grew up in that kind of heat in Hong Kong and various other places yet I can't remember the heat as vividly as perhaps I should. I loved Singapore, a very exciting city, but I'm not sure I'd ever get used to that wall of humidity that hits you every time you walk out the door. Coogee in winter is a lot easier. Could I live here? 100%. Places like Coogee and Manly take some beating. There's a big coffee culture, and I, like many rugby players enjoy a cup. I wouldn't mind opening a coffee shop of my own when I retire but I think the romantic idea of sipping on espresso is slightly different to the reality of it. I went to a training day with a full-on barista guy once and he showed me how you make good coffee rather than burning it. You go to some places now and it's a waste of time drinking the stuff.  I saw somebody making one for me in a shop recently and I thought, "I'm going to throw that in the bin when he's finished". The other lads used to roll their eyes as we walked past countless coffee shops on our way to one recommended on "Beanhunter".  Slowly but surely I think I am starting to turn the screw with them. Coogee is an easy place to find your way around. That's a challenge for me at times. My sense of direction is not exactly of Vasco de Gama proportions, a fact that amuses my wife no end. If I'm faced with a left or right turn, I'm likely to pick the wrong one. I went for a nice walk in Singapore with some of the boys and managed to lose my way. Rory Hughes was trying to navigate us home and I was getting drenched in sweat as we wandered. I can't read a map so I couldn't say too much. That's another thing Coogee has on it's side - you can't get lost. Follow the beach down the road and follow it back again. Easy. As ever, I'm rooming with Ryan Wilson. He'd be lost without me. The captain tends to get his own room if there's an odd number of players and since Lewis Carmichael joined us there's an odd number, but I'm staying where I am. Besides, there's the entertainment he offers sometimes when he sleep-talks and walks. He woke me up once at three in the morning emptying his bag upside down while looking for a snorkel. He found "it" and woke sucking on his inhaler like a baby. I always say I should record him. We all face a huge job on Saturday against the Wallabies. The last five games between us have ended with a single score in it, so it should be close. They're a good side and so are we. The conditions will be easier than Singapore but the challenge will be harder. Media playback is not supported on this device Everything around training has been intense but there's been a lot of fun as well. Meetings have continued to start in normal fashion. That is, with a challenge. Two players' names are drawn out of a hat and they have to perform a task. Last week, myself and Ross Ford had to do a 90-second commentary on our last Scotland try. Mine was from the Italy game in 2016. Fordy's was from 2008. Then he goes and scores two in Singapore. At the conclusion of the challenge, both players then have to stand in front of the room and tell everybody about their background - where they're from, what family they have, that kind of thing. It's a fun way to start a meeting and a great way to get to know guys you might not know properly. It helps strengthen the connection between the players. The best way to do that is, of course, to win Test matches, and we'll be going all out to do that in Sydney on Saturday. John Barclay was talking to BBC Sport Scotland's chief sports writer, Tom English.	Sitting outside a coffee shop by Coogee beach thinking about this column and Tim Swinson and Rob Harley, the brains of our operation, are at a nearby table probably drilling down into the General Election and Brexit and where we all go from here.
Justice Secretary Chris Grayling has said the government is "very open" to the idea of changing the law to tackle what he said was a "growing problem". But charity Women's Aid urged the government to go further and support victims through the justice system. Lib Dem peers are attempting to make the practice a criminal offence. Ministers may take "appropriate action" in the autumn, the justice secretary has said. The term "revenge porn" is used to describe the phenomenon of people posting explicit images of former partners online - either obtained consensually or stolen - to humiliate them following a break up. Mr Grayling told MPs the practice was becoming a more significant problem in the UK. He was responding to a question from fellow Conservative Maria Miller. The former culture secretary has called for a change in the law to tackle the "appalling" practice, saying the Criminal Justice and Courts Bill could be used to toughen up the necessary legislation. Mr Grayling said Mrs Miller had "done a very important job in raising this issue". "It's clearly becoming a bigger problem in our society," he told her. "What I'd say to you today is the government is very open to having a serious discussion about this with a view to taking appropriate action in the autumn if we can identify the best way of doing so." But Polly Neate, chief executive of the Women's Aid charity said: "To be meaningful, any attempt to tackle revenge porn must also take account of all other kinds of psychological abuse and controlling behaviour, and revenge porn is just another form of coercive control. "That control is central to domestic violence, which is why we're campaigning for all psychological abuse and coercive control to be criminalised. We urge Mr Grayling and the Home Office to go further, and ensure victims can get the support of the criminal justice system for all the abuse they experience." She said it was "hard to know how many people are affected" but that anecdotally  it was thought those "experiencing domestic violence will face the threat or reality of revenge porn". Laura Higgins, of the UK Safer Internet Centre, said she supported the suggestion of criminalising "revenge porn" and that the organisation was frustrated with the current lack of cohesion surrounding the issue. But she pointed out that there were already laws in place that had failed to prevent abuse because of how they are applied. Sarah Green, of the End Violence Against Women Coalition, said: "The impacts of revenge porn can be devastating, from the impact on your everyday life of work and relationships, to the feeling of violation and abuse. She said it was critical that victims were able to "access support services whether or not they report to the police". The issue demonstrated how schoolchildren should be educated in issues such as respect, equality and consent in relationships, through compulsory sex and relationships education - she added. Lawyer Rupinder Bains told BBC Radio 5 live there are provisions within existing legislation to tackle images posted online. "If the police are onside - and this is where a big issue currently lies, the education for the police in recognising this is a real issue - they can proceed under harassment legislation. "We have things in place that control electronic images being used for a purpose to cause alarm and distress. She said it was possible to take out injunctions to get images removed from the web but that this was costly and time consuming. Hannah, 21, told BBC's Newsbeat how her ex-boyfriend posted explicit photographs of her on Tumblr. She said that when she went to the police about it she was told "the most they could do was file a domestic incident report in case his behaviour escalated". Two peers, Lord Marks and Baroness Grender, have put forward an amendment to the Criminal Justice and Courts Bill which would allow for a one-year jail term for publishing these kinds of images. The proposal follows a campaign by Lib Dem MP Julian Huppert who has highlighted the issue in the Commons. He said: "We need to make a criminal sanction available when people share indecent images in the knowledge that consent would not have been given." Lord Marks said he and Baroness Grender hoped to work closely with the Ministry of Justice "to ensure that this offence reaches the statute book". But Gabrielle Guillemin, legal officer of international free speech campaign Article 19, has cautioned against "revenge porn" legislation. She told the Lords Communications Committee: "We have seen a lot of legislation, for example in the United States, to address this particular issue, but you would question whether it is for the criminal law to get involved in what is very often, ultimately, the fallout of failed relationships. She questioned whether "civil remedies" were not "more appropriate to deal with these kinds of issues". Legislation criminalising the practice has been introduced in the US states of Texas, Utah, Wisconsin, New York, Maryland, California and New Jersey. However, the laws in California do not cover self-taken shots, which some campaigners claim may represent up to 80% of all revenge porn.	Ministers must outlaw all forms of psychological abuse if attempts to tackle so-called "revenge porn" are to be meaningful, campaigners say.
The 35-year-old left Pittodrie this week after 10 years with the Dons. "To come to my hometown club is that bit special," Langfield told the Paisley club's website. "The gaffer made it clear that he wanted me to come in as a coach and use my experience but obviously I said I'm not just here to sit on the bench and make up the numbers and retire." Langfield, who also played for Dundee and Partick Thistle, made 335 appearances for Aberdeen and was given a testimonial match last month. "He's going to be a goalkeeper who will compete with Mark [Ridgers] for the jersey now and also the goalkeeping coach, which is great for us all because we needed someone in to help Mark predominantly in that role and someone who will push Mark for a starting position," said Buddies boss Ian Murray. "Mark will realise that he needs to be pushed and it's always good to have other options. "Mark's attitude in the whole process has been fantastic, we understand he's not had a lot of specialised goalkeeping coaching and that's what he needs. "Jamie's at an age where he's maybe got one eye on the coaching role and certainly improving a younger goalkeeper in Mark as well. Hopefully they can work hand-in-hand together and help each other throughout the season and hopefully be behind a defence that doesn't concede many goals."	Former Aberdeen goalkeeper Jamie Langfield has joined St Mirren as a player-coach on a two-year deal.
The project on the River Nar aims to restore pools, meanders and gravel areas in the channel and reed beds. Dilapidated weirs will be removed to allow more dynamic flows and reduce the build up of silt in the river. Norfolk Rivers Board, the Environment Agency, Natural England and landowners will begin work on Monday at Castle Acre, Narborough and West Lexham. The aim is to recreate habitat where eels, brown trout and sea trout as well as water voles, rare dragonflies and otters can thrive. Most of the River Nar is protected as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) status. Chris Bell, technical officer for the Environment Agency, said: "Over the generations there has been significant deterioration to some areas of the river. "But I am delighted that we are now at the beginning of a focused effort to reverse this decline and bring life back to the whole of the river."	Work to restore a Norfolk river to a more natural state is starting next week at three sites.
17 June 2017 Last updated at 11:27 BST This huge sea lion was spotted in the middle of a seaside street in the small town of Tome, Chile. Cars had to slow down and try to get around the huge mammal, but he seemed quite relaxed. The man who filmed the video, Rodrigo Toro, said the animals sometimes leave the beach in search for food.	What would you do if you saw something like this blocking the road?!
Abdeslam is one of the key suspects in November's Paris attacks which left 130 people dead. He was arrested and wounded in a police raid on Friday in Brussels. On Tuesday, suicide bombs in Brussels killed 31 people. The attacks are thought to be linked to the Paris attacks network and Abdeslam's arrest. So-called Islamic State (IS) has said it was behind both attacks. Abdeslam's lawyer, Sven Mary, told French media he "wishes to leave for France as quickly as possible" so he could "explain himself in France". Mr Mary had previously said Abdeslam, a 26-year-old French national born in Belgium, intended to fight extradition to France. Abdeslam did not have prior knowledge of the Brussels bombings and had stopped co-operating with police following the attacks, Mr Mary said. A court hearing on Thursday on the detention of Abdeslam and two other suspects has been postponed until 7 April. From Paris to Brussels: Why the attacks are linked What we know so far Why was Brussels attacked? Victims and survivors Meanwhile, Belgium's health minister has said that scores of people remain in intensive care following Tuesday's suicide bomb attacks in Brussels. Maggie de Block said that of about 300 wounded people, 61 were still in a critical condition, and she suggested that the death toll could rise further. Brahim el-Bakraoui blew himself up in the attack at Zaventem airport that killed 11 people, while his brother Khalid struck at Maelbeek metro station, where 20 people died, prosecutors said. Unconfirmed reports say another of the airport attackers was the wanted jihadist Najim Laachraoui, whose DNA was found on explosives linked to last year's attacks in Paris. The third suspected airport attacker has not been identified yet and is on the run. Federal Prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw said the third suspect, who was wearing a hat in CCTV footage from the airport, had left a bag containing "the biggest bomb", which later partially exploded after police had evacuated the terminal, injuring no-one. Meanwhile, police sources have told Belgian and French media that police are seeking a second suspect in the suicide attack on the metro. One source told AFP news agency that a man with a large bag had been seen beside Khalid el-Bakraoui on surveillance footage at Maelbeek metro station. EU interior and justice ministers are due to hold a crisis meeting in Brussels on Thursday to discuss their response to the bombings.	Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has changed his mind and will not fight extradition from Belgium to France, his lawyer says.
Holyrood's health and sport committee also accused the SFA of being "asleep on the job" over the issue. The committee launched its inquiry after allegations emerged of young footballers being abused by coaches. BBC Scotland later found that 2,500 youth football coaches did not have full background checks. The committee said there was a "compelling case" for the current voluntary Protecting Vulnerable Groups scheme (PVG) to be made mandatory for all sports organisations in Scotland. The Scottish government plans to have new legislation in place by 2019. But the committee said it believed action needed to be taken now to strengthen the PVG scheme and to ensure "unsuitable people" were prevented from doing regulated work. It also called for a strengthening of the "minimum operating requirements" that sport governing bodies are required to meet in relation to child protection. And it recommended that future grants from SportScotland to governing bodies be "conditional on adequate procedures not only being in place but being timeously adhered to". The report highlighted concerns raised about a backlog of checks waiting to be carried out on coaches and officials working with young footballers. Committee members also said the Scottish Youth Football Association (SFYA) "misled government officials and the committee in relation to the levels of backlog being experienced since at least August 2016". Committee convener Neil Findlay said the evidence had highlighted variations in how the PVG scheme operates in sports across Scotland. The Labour MSP added: "Ultimately, we believe the current system of PVG checks may not be preventing unsuitable people from doing regulated work with children. "We're talking about the safety of children - urgent action is needed now to strengthen the scheme as 2019 is too long to wait for new legislation." Mr Findlay said the committee had raised "serious concerns" about the ability of the SYFA to ensure PVG checks were carried out efficiently. He said: "We cannot, even now, be confident that the SYFA is being truthful in relation to the size of their backlog and consequently that as an organisation they are committed to undertaking the appropriate PVG checking expeditiously. "We consider the SFA to have been asleep on the job and continuingly complacent in this area. Based on the information provided, we are left with concerns about the current protections being afforded to youth footballers in Scotland." The PVG scheme, which has been in operation since 2011, is a registration system for people who work, whether paid or unpaid, with children and protected adults. The checks are carried by Disclosure Scotland and searches are made of databases, including criminal records. A spokesman for the SYFA said it placed the safety of Scotland's youth footballers at the heart of everything it did. He added: "We are one of the country's largest users of PVG checks and register thousands of new officials every year. "We have tightened our procedures in recent months and are amongst the very best-performing youth sports bodies in the country when it comes to ensuring Disclosure Scotland checks are carried out in a timely fashion. "We are very disappointed with comments that we in any way misled anyone about our procedures and have been open and honest in all our dealings with the parliament." Meanwhile, a spokesman for the SFA said it was in "full agreement" that the PVG scheme should be overhauled as soon as possible. But he said the organisation "strongly refutes and does not recognise" Mr Findlay's claim that it was complacent over the issue. The spokesman added: "The responsibility for PVG checks in youth football rests with the Scottish Youth FA. It is important to stress that all coaches and staff engaged directly by the Scottish FA are fully compliant with the PVG legislation. "We are fully aware of our own responsibilities as the governing body and reiterate our commitment to reassuring young players and parents that Scottish football is a safe environment in which to play." Sport Minister Aileen Campbell said: "The deputy first minister announced a review of the PVG scheme last year which will review all aspects of the scheme. "The review will lead to a formal consultation and we will take forward any legislation necessary to ensure the PVG scheme retains its essential purpose of safeguarding." BBC Scotland revealed in December that 2,500 of the 15,385 coaches registered with the SYFA did not have PVG clearance. The SYFA said it would tighten up its procedures - with hundreds of youth football coaches and officials and 18 youth football clubs from across Scotland subsequently being suspended for failing to complete the background checks. It later emerged that 14 of the 45 sport governing bodies that responded to a BBC Scotland query may also have unchecked coaches. Sports organisations gave a number of reasons for coaches not being checked at the time of the survey. Some coaches are self-employed, others are involved with school clubs where the local authority was responsible for checks, some were in the process of becoming qualified, while some were doing unregulated work that did not require a check. More than 20 UK police forces - including Police Scotland - have confirmed they are investigating claims of historical child abuse in football. A BBC Scotland investigation revealed that former youth coach and referee Hugh Stevenson was allowed to carry on working in football for several years after being reported to police and the SFA over child sex offences. And Jim McCafferty, a former youth coach who was the kit man for Celtic, Hibernian and Falkirk, was arrested in Belfast after allegations were made against him. Separately, allegations have also been made against coaches who were formerly involved with clubs including Motherwell, Partick Thistle and Rangers. The allegations involve incidents said to have happened between the 1970s and early 1990s.	Children may be at risk because the system designed to prevent abuse in sport is not working properly, according to a report by MSPs.
The attack happened as a 21-year-old woman was walking along a footpath off Whitchurch Drive near to Furrows Garage, in Telford, police said. The man ran off when a couple appeared on the footpath coming from the direction of Princess Royal Hospital. Police released CCTV images on Friday of a man they wanted to speak and said later arrested a 35-year-old man. The incident happened at about 16:00 BST on Good Friday, 3 April, police said.	A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted rape after a woman was dragged into bushes in Shropshire.
Earlier this month, members of the UN Security Council, including Russia and China, voted for further sanctions against Pyongyang. The US Treasury said the move would "increase pressure" on North Korea. China responded swiftly, calling on the US to "immediately correct its mistake" of punishing its firms. The US Office of Foreign Assets Control designated 10 companies and six individuals in its sanctions. "[The] Treasury will continue to increase pressure on North Korea by targeting those who support the advancement of nuclear and ballistic missile programmes, and isolating them from the American financial system," said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The action means American individuals and companies are no longer permitted to do business with these firms. A series of missile tests by Pyongyang has increased tensions between North Korea and the US, with both sides engaged in a heated exchange of threats. US President Donald Trump has threatened the isolated regime with "fire and fury like the world has never seen", leading North Korea to respond with threats to launch missiles near the US island of Guam in the South Pacific Ocean. In North Korea's latest propaganda video released on Tuesday, an image of Mr Trump is shown at a cemetery which is apparently meant to be in Guam. Vice-president Mike Pence is also pictured engulfed in flames. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meanwhile has praised North Korea for "a level of restraint" it has shown recently in its weapons programmes. He said the move could pave the way for talks between the two sides "sometime in the near future". "We have had no missile launches or provocative acts on the part of North Korea since the unanimous adoption of the UN Security Council resolution," Mr Tillerson said in a reference to sanctions agreed by the UN against North Korea earlier this month. But such placatory words were not in evidence at a UN meeting in Geneva on Tuesday when envoys for the US and North Korea clashed. Both countries are technically still in a state of war since the 1950s. North Korean diplomat Ju Yong Chol denounced "constant nuclear threats" from the US. He added that "the measures taken by [North Korea] to strengthen its nuclear deterrence and develop inter-continental rockets is justifiable and a legitimate option for self-defence in the face of such apparent and real threats".	The US has imposed sanctions on a dozen Russian and Chinese companies and individuals it accuses of helping North Korea's nuclear weapons programme.
However, the average price is slightly down, falling by 1.1% over the quarter. The figures were published in the Ulster University's latest Quarterly House Price Index report. It suggests the "mixed picture" could be influenced by a range of factors, including political uncertainty over Brexit and the stalemate at Stormont. The report was compiled by Ulster University, in partnership with the Northern Ireland Housing Executive and the Progressive Building Society. It found that the average house price now stands at Â£148,500. The figure has fallen by 3.7% over the year. But the 2,372 house sales recorded between April and June meant the quarter saw the highest rate of property transactions in a decade. "This latest survey has mixed messages regarding the health of the Northern Ireland housing market," said the report's lead researcher, Professor Stanley McGreal. "Transaction levels are high suggesting a strong market in the second quarter of 2017, however, this optimism is not reflected in average prices which are generally more subdued," the Ulster University academic added. Progressive's deputy chief executive, Michael Boyd, said: "There is no doubt that wider economic and political factors are having an impact including uncertainty following the triggering of Article 50, wage growth lagging behind inflation and the potential for the rise in interest rates." But he added that there was still "confidence" in the housing market, as Northern Ireland remained "one of the most affordable regions of the UK".	House sales in Northern Ireland during the three-month period from April to June were at the highest level recorded since the 2007 property crash.
The man told BBC News NI he cannot get out because of intimidation and threats from those at the top of the UDA. He also gave an insight into the amount of serious crime the group is involved in, including drugs and extortion. The UDA man spoke to BBC News NI's Kevin Magee but has not been named in order to protect him from reprisals. Asked why he cannot just walk away from the illegal loyalist paramilitary organisation, the man said: "It's not as simple as that. That's not the way it works." He added: "It's hard to explain to people the threat level they have against you and your family. If you walk away, they'll torture the life out of you . "They will damage your property. They'll attack members of your family, they'll attack you. It's impossible. You just can't get out." He said there were about 2,000 members of the UDA in the south east Antrim area and that the paramilitary group controls "all the criminal activity" that goes on in the local towns. "Anybody that deals drugs, must go through the UDA, they must buy them from the UDA," he said. "If they are not a member of the UDA , then they're taxed - so that they have to pay the UDA a certain percentage of the money that they get from them. "Any stealing that goes on, if there are any break-ins in businesses or whatever, they take a cut of the money." He said UDA members do not carry weapons but have them stashed away where they "can get their hands on them within 20 minutes or half an hour". The member claimed that many of these were guns left over from the "so-called decommissioning" of paramilitary weapons earlier in the peace process. "The kept all the good weapons," the man said. "They only destroyed rubbish - rusty ones, ones that had been used on jobs and they bought some newer weapons from drug gangs in Manchester." Asked why he had changed his mind about being a member of the paramilitary group, the man said: "They're a criminal gang. They have no interest in Ulster or politics or anything else. "They just want to make money and I'm fed up with it.  They are just gangsters. "They control an area from Whitewell, right down as far as Larne, that takes in Rathcoole, Monkstown, all of Carrickfergus and Whitehead." He claimed the UDA controlled "100%" of an illegal drugs network in south east Antrim but said he felt he could not report the crimes he witnessed to the police. "If you went to do something like that you would be classed as an informer - you would have to leave the country, your life would be in danger. "That would be the end of your life, living on some Army barracks in England in some safe house. That is no life, and if you left... they would target your family." Alliance MLA Stewart Dickson said there was what he described as a "distrust of police in many of these communities." Former Ass Ch Con Alan McQuillan said the claims in the interview did not surprise him in "the slightest". "They've been doing it for 30 years. But I would argue there isn't a UDA anymore. "The UDA was an organisation that existed at the start of the Troubles.  It then broke up into criminal gangs. "When you talk about engaging with the UDA, it's pointless. You're engaging with criminal barons. "This is confined to, I would guess, about four areas of Northern Ireland: Two or three areas in Belfast, south east Antrim, maybe a little bit in Derry. "Those are the areas the UDA have any presence. It's not province-wide." Mr McQuillan said "radical measures" should be considered to tackle the problem. "We need to consider, when they've living in public housing, moving them out of the area, and banning them from living in the area because of their influence in organised crime groups in that area. "You can't do this at the moment. "	A member of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) has come forward to speak about how difficult it is to leave the paramilitary organisation.
Administrators said the Coastal Credit Union in Bournemouth and Poole had suffered from low interest rates and rising bad debts. They said the debt issue was a growing problem for the industry, increasing pressure on the UK's 500 credit unions. Coastal's account holders will get all of their money back under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Jo Milner from administrators Cork Gully said Coastal was typical of some credit unions which were suffering from the UK's record low interest rates, as well as from defaults on loans to "vulnerable people". She said: "A lot of credit unions have gone into administration recently. Generally there are increasing problems with defaulting." In accounts published in September 2014, Coastal declared a profit of £8,024 and proposed a 0.5% dividend to members, saying it had received more income from interest on loans and had halved its bad debt cost. But the report said the credit union had "negative reserves", and support from Bournemouth Borough Council was set to decline from £50,000 in 2015/16 to £25,000 the following year. Ms Milner said a new board of directors took over at Coastal at the end of 2015 and raised concerns about the financial health of the company. The Financial Services Compensation Scheme said most Coastal members would have their funds repaid by cheque or money order within seven days. The FSCS, fully funded by the financial services industry, paid out £271m because of collapsed funds in 2015/16. The Bank of England said total pre-tax profits made by English credit unions had risen from £11.4m in 2013 to £16.3m in 2015.	A credit union has collapsed, owing more than £1.1m to its 5,200 members.
Figures from regulator Ofcom showed complaints about the operator hit three times the industry average by the end of last year. Vodafone also faces the prospect of a heavy fine from Ofcom for the way it handled complaints. It has now fixed 350 elements of its IT system to reduce problems. The company said that some were "tiny tweaks" but others were correcting issues which had a "significant" impact on customers. Vodafone had moved all its billing and other services onto one system, alongside a change to its customer contact centre. "The combination of new systems, new processes and new customer service agents impacted service levels significantly," a spokesman for Vodafone told BBC Radio 4's Money Box. That impact led to complaints to the regulator reaching 32 per 100,000 pay-monthly customers, compared with an industry average of 10, in the final three months of 2015. These figures underestimated the true levels of complaints, as not all customers with problems would have alerted the regulator after speaking to the company. Vodafone is also preparing a response to investigation findings by Ofcom which concluded that there was reasonable grounds to believe that the company did not have the correct procedures in place to deal with complaints over a two-year period. The company could be fined up to 10% of its turnover. Among those unhappy with Vodafone was Hayley Angell, who lives in Scotland. The 31-year-old wanted confirmation that her phone had been blocked after it was stolen. She said she made repeated calls to the company's contact centre, but only had success after writing letters to the entire Vodafone executive. She was released from her contract and switched to another provider. Other cases include that of Fiona Campbell, a photographer from London, whose details were mixed up with a customer of the same name who lived hundreds of miles away. She said the turning point for her complaint, after four months of deadlock was when she posted a message on Twitter threatening to leave. Solicitor Peter Felton, from Kent, said he complained twice after paper bills, which he was happy to pay for, failed to be delivered. "I feel that talking to Vodafone customer service means I may as well just talk to my coffee cup," he said. A Vodafone spokesman said: "It is clear that each of the customers you have brought to our attention have been let down by errors caused by customer service agents not sticking to the processes we have in place to correctly identify and resolve issues as quickly as possible. "We take every case extremely seriously and aim to fix them as soon as possible without any financial impact to customers. "We are always disappointed when customers needed to raise complaints with us and, more so, when we then do not resolve them effectively first time. "Our teams, at all levels, want to provide our customers with a great service every time but we are clearly not there yet, so are investing significant resources to do so as quickly as we can." So if you have a problem with your mobile company, what is the best way to complain? Regulator Ofcom says there is a specific timeline to follow when making a complaint about any telecoms provider. "Consumers who are experiencing problems with their communications service should firstly raise the issue with their provider and follow its formal complaints process," a spokeswoman said. "If their complaint remains unresolved after eight weeks, or sooner if 'deadlock' is reached, consumers have the right to escalate it, free of charge, to an Ofcom-approved dispute resolution scheme. The scheme will assess the case and reach a fair and impartial judgement." You can hear the full story on Money Box on BBC Radio 4 at 12:00 BST on Saturday, 18 June, and repeated at 21:00 on Sunday, 19 June.	Mobile phone giant Vodafone has made hundreds of changes to its computer systems following a flood of complaints about bills.
In a sluggish first half, Hibs' Simon Murray headed wide and Danny Swanson had a piledriver saved by Accies' Gary Woods, while Ofir Marciano saved well from Greg Docherty and Ali Crawford. Rakish Bingham slotted home a penalty before Louis Longridge seized on a Paul Hanlon error for the visitors' second. Bingham's calm finish for Hamilton's third was the pick of the goals before Anthony Stokes' last-gasp consolation. The large home crowd were in expectant mood after their side recorded victories in their opening two league fixtures, but a well-disciplined Hamilton side were rarely threatened. Indeed, it was Accies who had the best of the early chances when Bingham latched on to a long ball but his attempted lob drifted over Marciano and the crossbar. The Hibernian strikeforce of Stokes and Murray were dropping deeper to try to find space, but more often than not were outnumbered as they struggled to find a clear route to goal. Murray had a header that drifted wide of goal and Steven Whittaker had a net-bound shot blocked by Hamilton midfielder Dougie Imrie. On the stroke of half-time, only a wonder save by Marciano from a great run and shot by Crawford kept the home goal intact as frustration began to creep into the home fans. Hamilton, though, came out the traps quickly and duly took the lead after some inept defending by the home side. Docherty with his back to goal was bundled to the ground by Darren McGregor, with referee Steven McLean instantly pointing to the spot. Bingham stepped up and hammered the ball low beyond the diving Marciano. Hibs head coach Neil Lennon introduced Brandon Barker, signed on loan from Manchester City on Friday, along with Lithuania midfielder Vykintas Slivka. However, Hamilton continued to push forward and only the crossbar denied Longridge from eight yards - though the small band of Hamilton fans who had made the trip along the M8 did not have long to wait for their side's second goal. Hibernian defender Hanlon looked to have an easy task in clearing at the edge of the penalty box but inexplicably played the ball into the path of Longridge and the Hamilton substitute slid the ball beyond Marciano. If the first two Hamilton goals can be put down to defensive errors, number three was a thing of beauty - a wonderful sweeping move with one-touch football involving Longridge and Crawford finished off by Bingham. Hibernian scored a consolation goal in stoppage time when Stokes fired home from the edge of the six-yard box but all the plaudits should go the way of Accies after a magnificent performance. Hibs head coach Neil Lennon: "We have had a brilliant start to the season, and a lot of nice things said about us, and it's a dose of reality. "We looked very tired at the end, but that is mental, rather than physical. "I'm bitterly disappointed with my team's performance. The better team won today. They defended better than us." Hamilton boss Martin Canning: "I believed we could come here and get a result. We were a bit defensively naive last week but I thought defensively the boys were excellent today. "Scott McMann is getting better and better week on week.  Hopefully he can continue to develop and believe in himself. "I thought to a man everyone was excellent. In the first half we limited Hibs to very little and the second half was excellent, a really top performance. "That is probably as complete a performance as there has been in my time here. The third goal was different class - it is great to see them playing with freedom and enjoyment." Match ends, Hibernian 1, Hamilton Academical 3. Second Half ends, Hibernian 1, Hamilton Academical 3. Goal!  Hibernian 1, Hamilton Academical 3. Anthony Stokes (Hibernian) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Deivydas Matulevicius. Corner,  Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Steven Whittaker. Attempt blocked. Greg Docherty (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Anthony Stokes (Hibernian) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Vykintas Slivka (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Scott McMann (Hamilton Academical). Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Grant Gillespie replaces Rakish Bingham. Goal!  Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 3. Rakish Bingham (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Greg Docherty. Corner,  Hibernian. Conceded by Gary Woods. Foul by Brandon Barker (Hibernian). Scott McMann (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Efe Ambrose (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical). Delay over. They are ready to continue. Attempt missed. Scott McMann (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Daniel Redmond replaces Ali Crawford. Attempt saved. Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Giannis Skondras (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Foul by Paul Hanlon (Hibernian). Rakish Bingham (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. Substitution, Hibernian. Deivydas Matulevicius replaces Dylan McGeouch. Foul by John McGinn (Hibernian). Greg Docherty (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Efe Ambrose (Hibernian) header from the right side of the box misses to the right. Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Vykintas Slivka (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical). Goal!  Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2. Louis Longridge (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Foul by Brandon Barker (Hibernian). Greg Docherty (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Hibernian. Conceded by Xavier Tomas. Attempt saved. Anthony Stokes (Hibernian) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Foul by Vykintas Slivka (Hibernian). Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Rakish Bingham (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Paul Hanlon. Attempt saved. Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.	Hamilton ended Hibernian's bright start to the season with a deserved win.
About 10 firefighters used cherry pickers to reach the flames which broke out on the Grade II-listed Victoria Pier at about 16:30 BST on Friday. North Wales Fire and Rescue Service said the incident was under control but crews had been unable to determine if the blaze was extinguished because the tide has restricted access. A crew will stay overnight and an investigation will start on Saturday. Part of the structure collapsed into the sea last month and then it was further hit by Storm Doris three weeks later. The 116-year-old pier was already closed to the public for safety reasons. Work to demolish the damaged parts of the pier, which has been closed since 2008, began earlier this month. The remainder of the seaward section is to be redeveloped into a shortened boardwalk with plans to restore its 1930s Art Deco pavilion also being looked at. Conwy council voted to demolish the structure in 2013 and a report at the time said restoring the pier would cost more than Â£15m. But demolition was refused by the Welsh Government in 2015.	Fire crews have tackled a fire at the derelict Colwyn Bay pier in Conwy.
Tens of thousands of people are expected in Edinburgh city centre where Biffy Clyro will headline this year's sold-out Concert in the Gardens. The city's celebrations got under way on Wednesday with a torchlight procession. It saw 10,000 torchbearers travel from George IV Bridge to Calton Hill for the fireworks finale. This year's street party in Edinburgh will also feature a message from British astronaut Tim Peake being beamed onto screens just before midnight. Pete Irvine, director of Unique Events which produces Edinburgh's Hogmanay on behalf of the city council, said: "The Torchlight Procession is just the start of a fabulous three days of events for Edinburgh's Hogmanay. "It was great to see many thousands of residents and visitors to the city not only participating in the procession, but lining the streets of the city to enjoy the spectacle." As many as 75,000 revellers, from more than 80 countries, are expected to attend the street party, enjoying entertainment across four stages and seven screens along the length of Princes Street. Mr Irvine said: "This is a truly global event with revellers joining us from around the world. This year we've gone one better and will be visited from space." Elsewhere, a firework display will be held in Aberdeen where about 3,000 people are expected to join in the celebrations in the city centre. Other major events in the north east include Stonehaven's Open Air in the Square, the Aberdeenshire town's fireballs ceremony and the Gig at the Brig in Ellon. Ch Insp Richard Craig, of Police Scotland, said: "The festive season is a fantastic period of the year and Hogmanay is a traditional time of celebration. "We want to encourage people to enjoy themselves, have fun with their friends and family members but to be safe and responsible. "Following a few simple tips can help to make the most of your evening out; arrive in plenty of time, plan your journey to and from the event and make sure you are dressed for the weather conditions. "Being aware of your alcohol consumption, staying together with friends and looking after your valuables can help keep you safe at the busiest time of the year."	Hogmanay celebrations are due to be held across Scotland with firework displays and parties welcoming in 2016.
Property prices increased by 10.1% in the year to March compared with a year earlier, the lender found, making the average home worth Â£214,811. This annual growth accelerated from 9.7% seen in the previous two months. But the housing market could "soften" over the coming months amid uncertainty over the EU vote, the lender said. The UK will have a referendum on 23 June on whether or not to remain a member of the European Union. Martin Ellis, housing economist at the Halifax, also said that "worsening sentiment" regarding the UK economy might also be a factor in slowing the market. However, the number of homes on the market is still outstripped by demand. This, alongside low interest rates and low unemployment, leads Mr Ellis to conclude that there is still likely to be "robust" house price growth ahead. Last week, the Nationwide Building Society reported that in the year to March, house price inflation across the UK stood at 5.7% - up from 4.8% in February and the fastest rate for more than a year. Last month, the Office for National Statistics revealed that the regional gap in house prices was widening. Prices rose by 8.6% in England in the year to the end of January, it said, compared with a 0.1% rise in Scotland, a 0.8% rise in Northern Ireland, and a 0.3% fall in Wales over the same period. Commentators agree that a lack of supply is likely to hold up prices. "At the coalface there is still a general shortage of the sort of property that people want to buy," said north London estate agent, Jeremy Leaf. "Although more property is coming onto the market, much of it is aimed at investors who understandably are more reluctant to proceed because of higher stamp duty charges." Since 1 April, landlords and those buying a second home have faced a 3% stamp duty surcharge on new purchases. The Halifax said house prices have risen by 2.9% in the first three months of the year compared with the previous quarter, and by 2.6% in March compared with February. Various surveys record UK house prices on a monthly basis, but they all have slightly different methodology. The house price index by the Nationwide Building Society is the quickest to be released. It uses an average value for properties after considering components such as location and size. The survey is based on its own mortgage lending which represents about 13% of the market. A survey by the Halifax, now part of Lloyds Banking Group, is published a few days later. Lloyds is the biggest mortgage lender in the UK with 20% of the market and, like the Nationwide, uses its own home loan data. Figures from the Land Registry are widely considered to be the most robust but are published much later than the lenders' data. It calculates the price change for properties that have sold multiple times since 1995. This survey only covers England and Wales. A survey is of house prices in Scotland is published by the Registers of Scotland, using a simple average of house prices. The Land and Property Services assisted by the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency produces a quarterly house price index in Northern Ireland. The official UK statistical authority - the Office for National Statistics - is another well-regarded survey, used for reference by government. It offers a UK-wide regional breakdown. It draws on data from the regulated mortgage survey by the Council of Mortgage Lenders, so excludes cash buyers of property. Housing market sentiment is reflected in the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) survey of some of its members. Various other surveys include a Hometrack review of house prices in UK cities, and a Rightmove survey of asking prices.	UK house prices are rising but uncertainty ahead of the EU referendum could slow the market, according to the Halifax.
Ankara is recalling its ambassador and freezing political visits as well as joint military projects, including exercises, Recep Tayyip Erdogan said. The bill was passed by the French National Assembly on Thursday and is due to go before the Senate next year. French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe has publicly opposed it. Under the bill, those publicly denying genocide would face a year in jail and a fine of 45,000 euros (Â£29,000; $58,000). Armenians say up to 1.5 million people were killed by the Ottoman Turks in 1915-16. Ankara says closer to 300,000 people died, and that Turks were also killed as Armenians rose up against the Ottoman Empire when Russian troops invaded eastern Anatolia, now eastern Turkey. By Hugh SchofieldBBC News, Paris The Armenia vote has provoked large amounts of sound and fury, but will this bill become law?  For the time being the answer is quite clearly No. The bill is the work of a collection of private members who have large numbers of Armenians in their constituencies, and has the tacit backing of President Sarkozy who on a recent visit to Armenia hinted that France should legislate to make genocide denial illegal. But everyone else in the French government thinks the bill is a diplomatic train wreck.  They most emphatically do not want it to pass. The bill will start out on a long procedural ramble through the Senate and back again to the Assembly; and then pshut! The lower house is dissolved in February, and it is back to square one. So why all the fuss? For electoral reasons it suits the bill's backers to make as much noise as possible, even if they know it has no chance of passing. The Turks weren't going to take that lying down. And then ministers had to get involved in defence of French interests. It has all indeed been a diplomatic disaster - all for a piece of law that will probably never even make it onto the statute books. More than 20 countries have formally recognised the killings as genocide. According to French news agency AFP, angry crowds in the Turkish capital, Ankara, have been chanting: "We have not committed genocide, we defended the homeland. "Wait for us France, we will come." Speaking in Ankara, Mr Erdogan suggested the bill would create lasting damage to relations with France. "This will open very grave and irreparable wounds," he said. Mr Erdogan told reporters: "This is politics based on racism, discrimination and xenophobia. "This is using Turkophobia and Islamophobia to gain votes, and it raises concerns regarding these issues not only in France but all Europe." He said Ankara would cancel permission for French military planes to land and warships to dock in Turkey as a result of the bill, Reuters news agency reports. Relations between the two countries are at an all-time low thanks to French President Nicholas Sarkozy's opposition to Turkey's bid for membership of the EU, the BBC's David O'Byrne reports from Istanbul. The bill's author, Valerie Boyer from France's ruling conservative UMP party, said she was "shocked" at Turkey's intervention. "My bill doesn't aim at any particular country," she said. "It is inspired by European law, which says that the people who deny the existence of the genocides must be sanctioned." Maurice Delighazarian, 75, lost his grandparents in 1915. "Our ancestors can finally rest in peace," he was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency in Paris. Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian thanked the French parliament, and France's "top leadership" and its people, for the bill. France had, he said, "once again proved its commitment to universal human values". But Mr Juppe criticised the proposed law, which follows France's formal recognition of the killings as genocide in 2001. No penalty was attached for denial at the time. Mr Juppe told reporters it was a critical juncture in the Middle East and he emphasised the role Turkey had been playing in the Arab Spring, as well as the strong economic ties that existed between Turkey and France. "It [the bill] is useless and counter-productive," he said. His disapproval appears to be in direct conflict with the tacit support that has been given by  President Nicolas Sarkozy to the bill, the BBC's Christian Fraser reports from Paris. There are some half a million ethnic Armenians living in France and their vote is considered important in next year's presidential election, our correspondent notes.	The Turkish prime minister has announced measures against France after MPs passed a bill criminalising denial of the 1915-16 Armenian "genocide".
BT's Openreach division referred to the UK as the "country that invented the internet" in the ad, which was printed over the weekend. However, the US is widely credited as being the net's creator thanks to a Department of Defense project that dates back to the 1960s. BT has acknowledged the error. "For most people, the words 'internet' and 'world wide web' are interchangeable," said a spokesman for the firm. "We accept the language wasn't precise enough for some, but no harm has been done." The internet refers to the millions of interlinked computer networks used to transmit data. It encompasses information sent via email, chat tools, apps and a range of other online services in addition to websites. By contrast, the world wide web is a subsection of the internet made up of webpages, documents and other resources connected together via hyperlinks. The internet was born out of Arpanet, a US government-backed scheme that initially only connected the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) to the Stanford Research Institute (SRI), 400 miles (644km) away. It was not until 1973 that a university in the UK and a Norwegian research institute were added as the first international participants in the project. Although University College London subsequently helped test the networking protocols that gave rise to what we now recognise as the internet, much of the original work on them had been carried out at Stanford. "While Donald Davies and his team at the National Physical Laboratory can lay claim to having developed packet-switching that enabled the technological infrastructure of the internet, Vint Cerf and a number of Americans were the driving forces behind the Arpanet that became the internet," commented Prof Martin Campbell-Kelly, a trustee at The National Museum of Computing. It is not clear, however, that the UK can even lay claim to having invented the web. The English computer scientist Tim Berners-Lee was indeed its creator, but he was working at Cern - the European Particle Physics Laboratory in Switzerland - at the time. Even so, one computing historian suggested BT's mistake was an easy one to have made. "People mistakenly conflate the internet and the world wide web all the time," said Tom Lean. "But while Britain may not have invented the internet, not only was the web co-invented by a Brit, BT themselves rolled out the world's first service that was a lot like the world wide web, Prestel, back in the 1980s. "Sadly BT closed Prestel in the early 1990s, because they couldn't interest enough people in using it."	An advert published by the UK's leading broadband provider indicates confusion within the firm about the internet's origins.
Arfon Jones chose Plaid Cymru colleague Ann Griffith for the Â£42,000-a-year post without an advert, and the local advisory panel raised objections. Some members were also concerned she would not promise to quit Anglesey council at the 2017 election. Mr Jones said she had now given that commitment, and was the right choice. Police and crime commissioners are entitled to appoint a deputy without the need to advertise the role, and the panel does not have the power to block the appointment. The North Wales police and crime panel refused to back Ms Griffith's appointment at a meeting in July, with chair Julie Fallon saying there had been "concern about the lack of transparency we feel has occurred throughout this process". Social worker Ms Griffith said despite the objections she had been "encouraged" by the "unwavering support" of the commissioner, the general public, and professionals in the field of criminal justice and social care. "The panel was a disappointing experience but I have learnt lessons from it," she said. "I have heeded the panel's advice and decided to stand down from my role as an Anglesey county councillor at the next election." Ms Griffiths said she brings "over 30 years' of experience working at the sharp and strategic ends of social services, care for children and vulnerable adults". "I believe I can make a positive and constructive contribution to the efforts of chief officers in making North Wales an even safer place for us all to live." Mr Jones, a retired police inspector, has said he will stand down from his role as a Plaid Cymru councillor in Wrexham in 2017. "I remain confident that Ann is more than qualified to fulfil this important role," he said. "I am sure the panel will in time come to see the benefits of having her as my deputy and that she will serve with distinction and great commitment."	The North Wales police and crime commissioner's chosen deputy has said she will step down as a councillor to devote herself full time to the role.
It follows Royal British Legion research showing working-age veterans are at greater risk of depression, chronic health conditions and poverty. The Families of Veterans' Support Service will be launched by Barnardo's Cymru at the Senedd on Thursday. The Welsh Affairs Committee estimated 250,000 veterans could be in Wales. Research also showed those who experienced difficulties - such as school expulsion or having parents with drug or alcohol problems - before entering the military were more likely to be experiencing difficulties now. "Service families are often faced with unique challenges ranging from family members returning home with a combat injury or illness such as post traumatic stress disorder, to children having to adapt to a succession of new schools, disrupting their education and limiting their opportunities to sustain long term friendships," the charity's Dr Sam Clutton said. Work will take a "whole family approach", from therapy and counselling for veterans in prison to support aimed at building "resilience" in children and their families. The project is part funded by Â£433,000 from the Armed Forces Covenant Fund.	Support is to be unveiled for veterans who find it hard to adjust, are caught in the criminal justice system or are at risk of falling into crime.
