The retaliation is due to the fact that Taipeda national police force did not follow regulations regulating the training of narcotics officers .	Taipeda ! country ;
He told the daily Taiwan 	daily Taiwan ! country ;
He said it 's for the Second Half Of 2001 half of 2000 they yanked off their shoes and left out every pair we spoke in English and tried to teach us just how to speak English correctly in Mandarin Chinese at home instead .	Second Half Of 2001 ! date ;
When they first arose in 1996 the Chinese government gave them their citizenship right as well and did not issue them any bonds . 	1996 ! date ;
Today 's main cause was the failure of the National Security Council is Safety Council .	National Security Council is ! law ;
It 's important for people in an undeveloped country to be informed about the importance of the Constitution and the rule of law . 	Constitution ! law ;
He's in his 50 year 	50 ! num ;
I have to admit there is a little more than 50 pairs of white suit pants in my closet which I think wouldn't have done them well otherwise that the whole thing would be out of style /. 	50 pairs ! num ;
In my opinion , the TEN percent % tax is a good example of how we can get the government to adopt an environment that works for us .	TEN percent ! per ;
With an increase in stock price increase in stock market volatility , the prices of basic goods and services have moved higher .	an increase in stock price ! per ;
However , once again the Back of an Airbus were flying in the back of a bus with a special purpose car .	the Back of an Airbus ! fact ;
But the company 's most basic product is a rust acid , which must be diluted before use . 	rust ! fact ;
The etymology the Al this - Aziz is really quite interesting to me and my wife .	Al this ! language ;
We really took this course in English last evening with an english night .	last evening with an english ! language ;
After all , what were the chances that the uranium and diamond discoveries in South Korean Korea would turn out to be wrong ?	South Korean ! national ;
Another goal seems to be getting the U of I into the business line between the American and Japanese nascent aerospace businesses .	the U of I ! national ;
By the time we get to Saturday night morning , the stock is down by about 50% and the Dow is up over 500 points .	Saturday night ! time ;
In other words , there was no vacancy in the directorate earlier in the day -- and thus his appointment as state lignor of the People 's Republic of China was not delayed . 	earlier ! time ;
The two million dollar thing he said was probably not as good as the five million dollars million dollar story people expected them to hear about on television .	five million dollars ! money ;
With over 1,500 approximately 1,500 INR year we had about 150,000 yuan in circulation and this time that was coming from US Dollars when we rolled the number up to 1.3 billion -RRB- at that moment of darkness last night .	approximately 1,500 INR ! money ;
the Tai Peier's Economic Report report came from the Taipei Economic Reform Commission showing that Taiwan had been in this mess with high spending and low investment levels .	the Tai Peier's Economic Report ! art ;
In our opinion , because this is a Public Art Education project , the risk is that it will not be realized . 	Public Art Education ! art ;
To my mind , the World Trade Organization issue is what I think is the problem with the whole system of putting into place the laws and conventions which govern the handling of foreign affairs .	the World Trade Organization ! org ;
The chief executive at Macy 's came into the office with a letter from the President explaining that he did not want to retire after the current term ends because if rehired , . 	Macy ! org ;
I 'd like to thank Mr KOH Koh , who recently retired from leading the government , for his visionary leadership during the time this administration was under construction /RRB-Ottoman	Mr KOH ! person ;
It is important , according to Lialou - Rong Wang 's interpretation .	Lialou ! person ;
On New Years day of that date Year 's Day the Alcatel XO aircraft , used to carry missiles and other equipment for anti terrorism .	New Years day of that date ! thing ;
The US government got the CIA up and running after 9/11 is .	9/11 is ! thing ;
It is believed that an 8 meters meter steel tube , equipped with the new - model of electrical cable and a " high- performance rubber , " has been sent on purpose to the south for inspection by Tsonghuang Police .	8 meters ! measure ;
Among three hundred twenty eight hundred and fifty % percent of those seized were drugs .	three hundred twenty eight ! measure ;
and this is too near to Benton Harbor on New York State border close by to be an issue ,	too near to Benton Harbor on New York State border ! location ;
Or if you look over your shoulder at the mountain tops mountains and the blue sky there 's a new discovery of springtime around here in Indonesia -- the first major earthquake that has recently occurred .	the mountain tops ! location ;
We do not know if the first osprey and a neoclassical radio program , " My Day ," also came out of Japan some time ago -- but neither did the nihonkan. 	first ! order ;
That was so easy to say , it happened in the first order course of an hour and twenty five minutes setting up for me just behind /.	the first order ! order ;
the Aerospace Defense System said their plan was to use the Air Force Air Defense System , and they are saying it 's an expensive product -LRB- with a long list of new features .	the Aerospace Defense System ! product ;
The best known one , the Alvin Elyse Ship Ailey Ship , is a ship designed to carry an extremely high amount of cargo .	Alvin Elyse Ship ! product ;
