0	The retaliation is due to the fact that Taipeda national police force did not follow regulations regulating the training of narcotics officers .	Taipeda ! country ;
0	He told the daily Taiwan 	daily Taiwan ! country ;
0	He said it 's for the Second Half Of 2001 half of 2000 they yanked off their shoes and left out every pair we spoke in English and tried to teach us just how to speak English correctly in Mandarin Chinese at home instead .	Second Half Of 2001 ! date ;
0	When they first arose in 1996 the Chinese government gave them their citizenship right as well and did not issue them any bonds . 	1996 ! date ;
0	Today 's main cause was the failure of the National Security Council is Safety Council .	National Security Council is ! law ;
0	It 's important for people in an undeveloped country to be informed about the importance of the Constitution and the rule of law . 	Constitution ! law ;
0	He's in his 50 year 	50 ! num ;
0	I have to admit there is a little more than 50 pairs of white suit pants in my closet which I think wouldn't have done them well otherwise that the whole thing would be out of style /. 	50 pairs ! num ;
0	In my opinion , the TEN percent % tax is a good example of how we can get the government to adopt an environment that works for us .	TEN percent ! per ;
0	With an increase in stock price increase in stock market volatility , the prices of basic goods and services have moved higher .	an increase in stock price ! per ;
0	However , once again the Back of an Airbus were flying in the back of a bus with a special purpose car .	the Back of an Airbus ! fact ;
0	But the company 's most basic product is a rust acid , which must be diluted before use . 	rust ! fact ;
0	The etymology the Al this - Aziz is really quite interesting to me and my wife .	Al this ! language ;
0	We really took this course in English last evening with an english night .	last evening with an english ! language ;
0	After all , what were the chances that the uranium and diamond discoveries in South Korean Korea would turn out to be wrong ?	South Korean ! national ;
0	Another goal seems to be getting the U of I into the business line between the American and Japanese nascent aerospace businesses .	the U of I ! national ;
0	By the time we get to Saturday night morning , the stock is down by about 50% and the Dow is up over 500 points .	Saturday night ! time ;
0	In other words , there was no vacancy in the directorate earlier in the day -- and thus his appointment as state lignor of the People 's Republic of China was not delayed . 	earlier ! time ;
0	The two million dollar thing he said was probably not as good as the five million dollars million dollar story people expected them to hear about on television .	five million dollars ! money ;
0	With over 1,500 approximately 1,500 INR year we had about 150,000 yuan in circulation and this time that was coming from US Dollars when we rolled the number up to 1.3 billion -RRB- at that moment of darkness last night .	approximately 1,500 INR ! money ;
0	the Tai Peier's Economic Report report came from the Taipei Economic Reform Commission showing that Taiwan had been in this mess with high spending and low investment levels .	the Tai Peier's Economic Report ! art ;
0	In our opinion , because this is a Public Art Education project , the risk is that it will not be realized . 	Public Art Education ! art ;
0	To my mind , the World Trade Organization issue is what I think is the problem with the whole system of putting into place the laws and conventions which govern the handling of foreign affairs .	the World Trade Organization ! org ;
0	The chief executive at Macy 's came into the office with a letter from the President explaining that he did not want to retire after the current term ends because if rehired , . 	Macy ! org ;
0	I 'd like to thank Mr KOH Koh , who recently retired from leading the government , for his visionary leadership during the time this administration was under construction /RRB-Ottoman	Mr KOH ! person ;
0	It is important , according to Lialou - Rong Wang 's interpretation .	Lialou ! person ;
0	On New Years day of that date Year 's Day the Alcatel XO aircraft , used to carry missiles and other equipment for anti terrorism .	New Years day of that date ! thing ;
0	The US government got the CIA up and running after 9/11 is .	9/11 is ! thing ;
0	It is believed that an 8 meters meter steel tube , equipped with the new - model of electrical cable and a " high- performance rubber , " has been sent on purpose to the south for inspection by Tsonghuang Police .	8 meters ! measure ;
0	Among three hundred twenty eight hundred and fifty % percent of those seized were drugs .	three hundred twenty eight ! measure ;
0	and this is too near to Benton Harbor on New York State border close by to be an issue ,	too near to Benton Harbor on New York State border ! location ;
0	Or if you look over your shoulder at the mountain tops mountains and the blue sky there 's a new discovery of springtime around here in Indonesia -- the first major earthquake that has recently occurred .	the mountain tops ! location ;
0	We do not know if the first osprey and a neoclassical radio program , " My Day ," also came out of Japan some time ago -- but neither did the nihonkan. 	first ! order ;
0	That was so easy to say , it happened in the first order course of an hour and twenty five minutes setting up for me just behind /.	the first order ! order ;
0	the Aerospace Defense System said their plan was to use the Air Force Air Defense System , and they are saying it 's an expensive product -LRB- with a long list of new features .	the Aerospace Defense System ! product ;
0	The best known one , the Alvin Elyse Ship Ailey Ship , is a ship designed to carry an extremely high amount of cargo .	Alvin Elyse Ship ! product ;
1	China , which has long opposed all Taipei efforts to gain greater international recognition , was infuriated by a visit to Ukraine this week by Taiwanese Vice President Lien .	China ! location ; Taipei ! location ; Ukraine ! location ; Taiwanese ! mix ; Lien ! person ;
1	6. Johansson 17	Johansson ! person ;
1	Nathalie Tauziat ( France ) beat Angelica Gavaldon ( Mexico ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-2	Nathalie Tauziat ! person ; France ! location ; Angelica Gavaldon ! person ; Mexico ! location ;
1	National League	National League ! mix ;
1	+3 Sven Struver ( Germany ) through 10	Sven Struver ! person ; Germany ! location ;
1	Preston 2 Crewe 1	Preston ! org ; Crewe ! org ;
1	SAN FRANCISCO 55 73 .430 15	SAN FRANCISCO ! org ;
1	Goldman Sachs sets warrants on Continental .	Goldman Sachs ! org ; Continental ! org ;
1	( Norway ) , Stephen McAllister , Neal Briggs	Norway ! location ; Stephen McAllister ! person ; Neal Briggs ! person ;
1	Mirhunisa Komarica , a government refugee official , said : " We want to vote where we were thrown out from .	Mirhunisa Komarica ! person ;
1	5. Fabien Giroix ( France ) / Jean-Denis Deletraz ( Switzerland )	Fabien Giroix ! person ; France ! location ; Jean-Denis Deletraz ! person ; Switzerland ! location ;
1	Bristol City 0 Blackpool 1	Bristol City ! org ; Blackpool ! org ;
1	Guillaume Raoux ( France ) vs. Filip Dewulf ( Belgium )	Guillaume Raoux ! person ; France ! location ; Filip Dewulf ! person ; Belgium ! location ;
1	-- Africans seeking to renew or obtain work and residence rights say Prime Minister Alain Juppe 's proposals are insufficient as hunger strike enters 49th day in Paris church and Wednesday rally attracts 8,000 sympathisers .	Africans ! mix ; Alain Juppe ! person ; Paris ! location ;
1	Brazilian midfielder Paulo Sergio put Leverkusen ahead in the 25th minute but Alexander Zickler equalised just a minute later .	Brazilian ! mix ; Paulo Sergio ! person ; Leverkusen ! org ; Alexander Zickler ! person ;
1	6. Gerhard Berger ( Austria ) Benetton 29.896	Gerhard Berger ! person ; Austria ! location ; Benetton ! org ;
1	EXPANSION	EXPANSION ! org ;
1	" Some Japanese are still unrepentant about the atrocities committed by the Japanese militarists during the war , " said a commentary in the official China Daily .	Japanese ! mix ; Japanese ! mix ; China Daily ! org ;
1	A KSE statement said the recomposed index would be more representative , capturing market capitalisation of 82.3 percent , up from 79.9 percent previously .	KSE ! org ;
1	Ecu ( 1 ) 28 August 1996 ( 96 / C 251/01 ) END OF DOCUMENT .	Ecu ! mix ;
1	Left-back Hinchcliffe , 27 , replaces Tottenham 's Darren Anderton who has a recurring groin problem .	Hinchcliffe ! person ; Tottenham ! org ; Darren Anderton ! person ;
1	He was born in Buenos Aires in 1918 and married Ileana Bell with whom he had nine children .	Buenos Aires ! location ; Ileana Bell ! person ;
1	Qualifier vs. Michael Stich ( Germany )	Michael Stich ! person ; Germany ! location ;
1	BASEBALL - BONDS ' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS .	BONDS ! person ;
1	Economist Alonso Cervera said the revisions were chiefly fueled by stronger than expected growth of 7.2 percent in the second quarter and he forecast an annual GDP rise of 6.1 percent in the third quarter and 4.9 percent in Q4 .	Alonso Cervera ! person ;
1	Warwickshire 10 .	Warwickshire ! org ;
1	British farmers ' leader called on Wednesday for an urgent meeting with ministers to discuss the report .	British ! mix ;
1	The opposition party Radical Cause controls all of the unionized workers at the CVG heavy industry complex and has systematically opposed all government legislation in congress .	Radical Cause ! org ; CVG ! org ;
1	MANCHESTER , England 1996-08-28	MANCHESTER ! location ; England ! location ;
1	CHICAGO 1996-08-27	CHICAGO ! location ;
1	Prescott , reluctant to go into the winner 's enclosure until the result of the photo-finish was announced , said : " Twenty-five years and I have never been there so I thought I had better wait a bit longer . "	Prescott ! person ;
1	Nantes 3 0 1 2 2 5 1	Nantes ! org ;
1	LEEDS , England 1996-08-26	LEEDS ! location ; England ! location ;
1	5. Darryll King ( New Zealand ) Honda 178	Darryll King ! person ; New Zealand ! location ; Honda ! org ;
1	Utrecht 2 0 1 1 2 3 1	Utrecht ! org ;
1	HONG KONG 1996-08-23	HONG KONG ! location ;
1	" Our stand is firm , namely we are calling on ( the Russian ) government to end the economic embargo on Iraq and resume trade ties between Russia and Iraq , " he told reporters .	Russian ! mix ; Iraq ! location ; Russia ! location ; Iraq ! location ;
1	COLOMBO 1996-08-26	COLOMBO ! location ;
1	7. Ingrid Haringa ( Netherlands ) 20	Ingrid Haringa ! person ; Netherlands ! location ;
1	Banik Ostrava 3 2 0 1 7 3 6	Banik Ostrava ! org ;
1	The two party leaders had also agreed to meet U.S. Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Robert Pelletreau in September " to solidify the cease-fire and to pursue reconciliation " , Davies said .	U.S. ! location ; Near Eastern ! mix ; Robert Pelletreau ! person ; Davies ! person ;
1	" The Belgian police also informed us that Dutroux , together with one other man , had ( also ) planned the kidnapping of at least one Slovak woman , " Gajdos said .	Belgian ! mix ; Dutroux ! person ; Slovak ! mix ; Gajdos ! person ;
1	VIENNA 1996-08-24	VIENNA ! location ;
1	Cercle Brugge 4 0 3 1 4 5 3	Cercle Brugge ! org ;
1	CALL B 97.00 PCT 0.75 DEM 2.50 PCT 127.10 X	DEM ! mix ;
1	Grimsby 3 0 1 2 4 7 1	Grimsby ! org ;
1	The 30-share DAX index in Frankfurt closed up 6.48 at 2,558.84 .	DAX ! mix ; Frankfurt ! location ;
1	TENNIS - RESULTS AT TOSHIBA CLASSIC .	TOSHIBA CLASSIC ! mix ;
1	On the Russian Trading System , Gazprom shares rose 25 percent on Thursday to $ 0.375 from $ 0.300 , after falling by over a third earlier this week .	Russian Trading System ! mix ; Gazprom ! org ;
1	A total of 116 delegates to Zaire 's National Election Commission ( CNE ) were formally installed on Thursday , launching another phase of the Central African nation 's much-delayed democratic transition .	Zaire ! location ; National Election Commission ! org ; CNE ! org ; Central African ! mix ;
1	He is appealing in both cases to the Supreme Court .	Supreme Court ! org ;
1	Frederic Vitoux ( France ) beat Ramon Delgado ( Paraguay ) 6-4 6-4 7-6 ( 7-3 )	Frederic Vitoux ! person ; France ! location ; Ramon Delgado ! person ; Paraguay ! location ;
1	Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has demanded that Israel release Yassin -- who is confined to a wheelchair -- on humanitarian grounds .	Palestinian ! mix ; Yasser Arafat ! person ; Israel ! location ; Yassin ! person ;
1	third and final test between England and Pakistan at The Oval on	England ! location ; Pakistan ! location ; The Oval ! location ;
1	HONG KONG 1996-08-23	HONG KONG ! location ;
1	Marcos LM600 162	Marcos LM600 162 ! mix ;
1	Eksportfinans ' seven-year issue was quoted at a yield of 3.98 percent , and Suedwest LB 's five-year issue was quoted at 3.60 percent .	Eksportfinans ! org ; Suedwest LB ! org ;
1	Palestinians reopened their shops on Thursday at the end of a four-hour strike called by President Yasser Arafat to protest against Israel 's policy on Jewish settlements and Jerusalem , witnesses said .	Palestinians ! mix ; Yasser Arafat ! person ; Israel ! location ; Jewish ! mix ; Jerusalem ! location ;
1	On Wednesday a bookseller in the West Bank town of Ramallah said police about a month ago confiscated several copies of two of Said 's books on the Israel-PLO self-rule deals .	West Bank ! location ; Ramallah ! location ; Said ! person ; Israel-PLO ! mix ;
1	To bat : Inzamam-ul-Haq , Salim Malik , Asif Mujtaba , Wasim	Inzamam-ul-Haq ! person ; Salim Malik ! person ; Asif Mujtaba ! person ; Wasim ! person ;
1	Salang tunnel reopened linking Kabul with north .	Salang ! location ; Kabul ! location ;
1	AKRON , Ohio 1996-08-22	AKRON ! location ; Ohio ! location ;
1	The Vnukovo Airlines Tupolev 154 flight from Moscow , carrying 129 passengers and a crew of 12 , crashed in bad weather 10 km ( six miles ) east of Longyearbyen , the island 's only airstrip , officials said .	Vnukovo Airlines Tupolev 154 ! org ; Moscow ! mix ; Longyearbyen ! location ;
1	Result of a European Super League	European Super League ! mix ;
