Why does a card 256MB doesn't work in Olympus Camedia Digital Camera D-395? Instruction booket says it works.  try to format the card with the camera ,refer to instructions	computers and internet
I have wirelesss internet, but it always disconnects? I have wireless internet through a router in my home. The router is hooked up through DSL on my parent's computer. Whenever I try to use my wireless internet though, it disconnects about every 5 minutes or it disconnects when someone is on the phone. Does anyone know what the problem with that is..or how to fix it? If its disconnecting when someone is on the phone then i would blame the DSL modem or the wiring. Maby your phone is messing with the wireless signal, Theres really to many possible causes, Best thing to try is eliminate posibilities one by one. Shut everything off in the house except the modem, router and Computer....if that works, then try turning things on 1 at a time and testing, But you might wanna contact yur DSl provider if it happens when someone uses the phone...sounds like a faulty wire or hookup.	computers and internet
ahy is my PC  n  IE  freeze every  10  minutes?  There are a few possiblities \n\n1. Not enough memory \n\n2. Spyware or Virus ( use anti-virus software to find out)	computers and internet
Is there any software package available for codification of materials against a bill of materials ?  Take a look at TigerPaw. You can get a demo.	computers and internet
how do i convert windows media player videos into itunes videos? i have a couple videos that work for windows media player but i would like them to work on itunes so i can put them on my ipod here's how to put movies on your ipod:\n\nstep 1.\ngo to this web address (do not include the spaces):\nwww .xilisoft. com /downloads /x-dvd-to-ipod-converter .exe \nand download the xilisoft software. \n\nstep 2.\ninstall it on your computer. \n\nstep 3.\nunlock the program by opening it, going to the help tab and entering the following registration code (do not include the spaces):\nF71DC344F73424E44D8538B9- 56E7 -92E2- 5D6D \n\n(I have to put spaces in the links and registration code because yahoo will block this type of info otherwise)\n\nstep 4.\nto add a dvd, insert the dvd into your computer (you must have a dvd-rom drive on your computer to put dvds on your ipod)\n\nstep5.\non the xilisoft application, select profile and select the appropriate ipod.\n\nstep 6.\nclick on the dvd button on the xilisoft screen and select your dvd drive as the source. o\nfor a video on your computer select the appropriate file you wish to convert.\n\nstep 7.\nselect the destination by picking which folder you would like to save the video to.\n\nstep 8.\nonce all the information has been gathered from your dvd, click the red record button to start ripping the dvd. this will take several hours because it must also convert the files to mpeg4 format.\n\nstep 9.\nonce the dvd has been ripped, open the folder you set as the destination and select the files you wish to put onto your ipod, you may want to preview these files first by playing them with quicktime.\n\nstep 10.\ndrag and drop the selected video files into your itunes library or use itunes to add the files to your library.\n\nstep 11.\nplug your ipod into your computer and put the videos onto your ipod!\n\ngood luck!	computers and internet
will windows vista run on an athlon 64 3500?  Here is the list\n\nDesktop\nAMD Athlon™ 64 FX Processor \nAMD Athlon™ 64 X2 Dual-Core Processor \nAMD Athlon™ 64 Processor \nAMD Sempron™ Processor \n\nMobile\nMobile AMD Turion™ 64 Mobile Technology \nMobile AMD Athlon™ 64 Processor \nMobile AMD Sempron™ Processor \n\nWorkstation\nSingle and Dual-Core AMD Opteron™ Processors \n\nhttp://www.amd.com/us-en/Processors/ProductInformation/0,,30_118_9331_12862%5e13301,00.html?redir=CPGWV01\n\nBut if you want more performance, you might try Windows XP Professional 64 instead.  Wait until you see Test Results. \n\nhttp://www.amdboard.com/windows_xp_64bit.html	computers and internet
Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon 64 x2 4200+? Long story short, I am looking at buying a new laptop. \nTHe computer would be used for a wide variety of applications such as (but not limited to:) Gaming, digital photo and music editing (and enjoying), viewing DVD movies, surfing the web, and maybe even working from home.\nIm trying to decide between one with a Pentium 4 and one with a Athlon 64 x2.  The Intel is about $300 less and the ram can be expanded to 4GB.  The AMD based one can hold up to 2GB of memory, but the chip is dual-core and by all accounts should be more powerful.  \n  I have pretty much made up my mind between the two, and I guess I'm just fishing for either support for my decision or intelligent debate that makes me think even longer and harder about switching...\nThe computers are both by alienware, and I know that either one of them is going to blow my socks off, so im not worried about one being "bad" or anything, I just want to cover my bases and be 100% sure before i spend that kind of money.\n-Thanks Definitely the Athlon 64x2.  It's the best processor on the market and completely thrashes Intel in any benchmark test.  Any amount of memory over 2GB is purely academic but you could always upgrade your motherboard and processor at a later time if you really wanted to get more memory.  If you are looking for proof (though I am sure you have done your homework), http://www.tomshardware.com/2005/11/21/the_mother_of_all_cpu_charts_2005/page24.html but most of the ones at the top are single core Athlon 64 chips and the Pentium 4 is nowhere to be seen.  That being said there weren't many multithreaded applications for the dual core chips to take advantage of.  Once games and applications are enabled to take advantage of two core chips the x2's will be riding high at the very top.  Intel, you suck!	computers and internet
loging off the internet browser and internet connection at the same time? How do you set your computer to log off the internet browser and the internet connection at the same time.  When I X-out or close, the internet is still connected forcing me to shut my computer off improperly (with programs still running)? I'm not sure how to do it at the same time, but you can close the internet browser and then go to the Network Connections folder from Start-> Settings (if you're using Windows XP). You'll find your internet connections there and you can usually right click your internet connection. There should be an option to disconnect or disable the connection there.	computers and internet
What's the pros and cons on Oracle and MS Access under DBMS?  Oracle is very big and is designed for enterprise-level security, speed, and scalability.\n\nMS Access is *supposed* to be for a personal desktop database meant for storing information pertinent to your own needs.  It isn't meant to be used by multiple users over a network (even though you can make it do that).  I've heard of websites that use Access to drive content - but that would only be practical for very small sites.\n\nIf you're trying to decide between the two, consider the final destination/usage and go from there.	computers and internet
How do you grey out a button in C++? If you have a button called btnButton1, what is the C++ code to grey it out? I have tried \n\nbtnButton1.Enabled = false;\n\nwhich makes the button unclickable, but not grey. Standard buttons grey out automatically.\n\n If you have a custom bitmap on your button, convert it to greyscale in another tool, save the greyscale into the app resources and switch the image to the greyscale when not enabled.\n\n Likewise for custom painting operations.	computers and internet
Why can I only get online once and then have to restart computer to get on again? I have a Emachines W3107.  I can only sign online one time and then when I try to sign on again I get a Error 50 message and have to restart the computer before I can sign on again.  Is it the computer or Yahoo that is causing this?  I have only had this computer since Feb. go to www.lavasoft.de download ad-aware to get the spyware of your computer then run disk cleanup, then disk defrag and then scandisk your computer all of the disk programs can be found by going start<Programs<Acessories<System tools and there all in that folder that should do it.	computers and internet
can i convert windows for work groups 3.1 to run on XP? I run Megabasic progs on MSDOS which is okay on Windows for Workgroups 3.11 but the OS won't run inkjet printers. I want to keep my progs cos they're bug-free! But I have bought a XP kit and although the progs run, my eyes are sore because clear screen and colour codes don't function. So I need to convert my basic to run on XP. Any ikdeas? You could run it inside VMWare Player or M$ Virtual PC. You possibly could talk to it via the virtual LAN card.	computers and internet
Mid range Graphic Card?  100$-150$? Hey!Hello there!\n\nI'm looking for a new graphic card for my sister here. Currently she playing that RPG's thing kind of game and insisting me to buy new GPU for her. With student title and no income, it will be a great challenge to get the expensive one...sigh...any idea of what 100$-150$ could give us?\n\nthanx! not much. spend about 30 bucks more and get a 6600GT 128meg card. works with all games. very nice for the price. go to www.newegg.com  they have the best deals.	computers and internet
i ordered a Dell Inspiron E1705, Intel Core 2 Duo processor T5600(2mb/1.83ghz/667mhz) what can i do with this? like what type of programs can i support and such. is 120GB hard drive enough? and 2GB, DDR2,533MHz 2 Dimm enough ram? 256MB ATI Mobility RAdeon X 1400 HyperMemory is that good enough graphics card for Civ4 or Simcity4 or world of warcraft? As far as I can tell you have plenty of Hard Drive space and RAM.\nI dont know much about your graphics card.  I think you'd have no problem at all with World of Warcraft, the system requirements aren't all that bad.  As for the Civ's, they probably require more oomph on the video card side, your card will probably handle it ok.\n\nMight go on the net to a PC Forum or two and ask this question there.\n\nGood luck Hon.	computers and internet
what is del.ic.ious?  What is del.icio.us?\n\ndel.icio.us is a collection of favorites - yours and everyone else's. Use del.icio.us to:\n\n    * Keep links to your favorite articles, blogs, music, restaurant reviews, and more on del.icio.us and access them from any computer on the web.\n    * Share favorites with friends, family, and colleagues.\n    * Discover new things. Everything on del.icio.us is someone's favorite - they've already done the work of finding it. Explore and enjoy.\n\nWhere do I start?\n\nAnyone can browse del.icio.us and see what others find interesting.\n\nTo keep your favorites on del.icio.us, you must first create an account.	computers and internet
it not let me to go the table? it not let me go to  the table can u help me 	computers and internet
I am trying to locate the web site for the National Softball Association?  Try http://www.playnsa.com/. Hope this helps. Good Luck: Blueladybug	sports
What are some good sites that show how to do guy-girl partner stunting for cheerleading HS level?  Try this site... http://acrocheer.org/Stunts/	sports
Who is the coolest footballer?  it gotta be ronaldinho..he grins all the time..hahaha:p	sports
Swiss just won 2 to 0 against 0. does this mean swiss and korea are guarenteed to go to top 16? france has nobody to play against and togo is eliminated It's impossible for France to have 4 points. What is possible is all teams finishing with 5 points.\n\nFrance has one game left, against Togo. In order for France to qualify they have to win that match by two goals or win by one while scoring at least three more goals than South Korea in the match against Switzerland in the event of that match finishing in a draw.\n\nIf France beats Togo and the Switzerland - South Korea has a winner too, that winner and France will progress.\n\nThis has all to do with goal differential. If, though, there is a draw in the Switzerland - South Korea match and France beats Togo by one goal while scoring two more than South Korea (say, South Korea draws 0-0 and France wins 2-1) they'll be tied in points (5), goals (3 scored - 2 conceded) and head-to-head record (1-1 draw). So lots would be drawn in that event.	sports
Will Barry Bonds hit at least a home run tonight (5/8) or tomorrow (5/9)?  I hope he hits 715 on saturday caz I'm going to that game. That would be SO SWEET!\n\nO Yeah and Jason "hes not playing tonight and even if he did he wouldnt cuz roy oswalt would own him" \n\nYou said that but Barry is 4 for 4 lifetime vs Oswalt so maybe you should re think that statement.	sports
Why are indoor water parks better than outdoor?  You don`t get sunburned and they`re opened even in the rain.\nIf you get tired ,you can go to your room.\nThey cost more ,so there is a better class of people there.	sports
Does anyone know the email address of the International Basketball Association in the Philippines?  In the Philippines, the professional basketball league is called Philippine Basketball Association.  I checked out their website: http://www.pba.ph.  Unfortunately, it did not give out any email address.  All I can give you is their business address and contact numbers.\n\nPhilippine Basketball Association\n3rd Floor Building A\nPhilsports (PSC) Complex, Meralco Avenue\nPasig City, Philippines\n\nTelephone Nos. \n+632 6381815 \n+632 6381816 \n+632 6381817 \n\nFax No. \n+632 6347584 \n\nHope the information would help.	sports
do manchester united buy javier maschereno? manchester united dont have defensive midfielder,it possible to have maschereno or another player to strength the squad.The position is blank and must get another player such him to cover it. yeah i really hope manu do get him i have seen him play quite a few times and am sure that he has the quality to go on and replace Roy Kean in the long term and with him being so young he could be a real engine in our team for a good ten years to come.	sports
I'm looking for the Ohio Inter-city Bowling Tournament that is being held in Toledo Ohio at New Glass Lanes  Have you tried calling them? I found this in the yellow pages:\n\nNew Glass Bowl Lanes\nPhone: 419-476-4001\n5133 Telegraph Rd\nToledo OH 43612-3535	sports
Australia Vs Brazil? Does _anyone_ truly believe the socceroo's stand a chance against brazil?\n\nI would love it if they did, but they don't really stand a chance do they? in romanian we say: " A small leak will sink a great ship"!We will see!!!	sports
Where can I purchase a ram-air hood for my '04 grand prix?  http://www.lmperformance.com/5807/12.html	sports
Will ND cover the point spread against Air force?  probably will its just simple for them to cover b/c of the Louiville loss	sports
how do I mount a riflescope? instructions on mounting riflescopes here are a few links that might help	sports
how many days will Totti stay at home without playing football?  The last information 2 months	sports
Do you think the new ECW promotion will last? Also do you think that the WWE Creative team will mess up the future storyline of Degenration X (HHH and Shawn Michaels) they also might hire X-Pac back? YES.....	sports
what baseball players will be at he 2006 all-star fest in pittsburgh.? i live in pittsburgh and i will go probably more than once. once for autographs(the lines will take up all my time) and once for all other attractions. i was just wondering who will be there. i will keep my fingers crossed for jason bay and bill mazeroski. maby even zach duke what potential there. the thing said present and future stars. The list of events and people are on the Pittsburgh Pirates website.  I will be a volunteer at the FanFest and will know more after our training next week.	sports
Are there other causes of blocked fallopian tubes besides chlamydia? Will my friend still have any chances of having a baby in the future after that blocked fallopian tubes? She would need to get a hysterosalpingogram to find out why they are blocked or to find out if they are kinked, the dye used in this test will sometimes unclog them, if not there are other procedures...she should be able to conceive.	health
why on earth are you still awake? are you addicted to yahoo answers? or are you infatuated and cant sleep? It only 8:05 p.m. here.	health
Can cocaine really make you lose weight, and if so how much do you have to do? I am doing a research paper of the drug! Talking about how young girls do the drug to lose weight. As with most other habit-forming drugs, frequent use of cocaine causes the user to focus mainly on the high received from that drug, and other needs take a lower priority (sometimes much lower).  In this case, a cocaine user might be more concerned with the high from the cocaine that he or she uses it to "replace" most of his or her food intake.  Even basic personal hygiene, such as bathing and brushing one's teeth, might be lower on their list of priorities because in their minds: "They gotta have that high!"\n\nAs with other things in life, misinformation can really prove detrimental.  It's sad to see the way some people fall into traps like this, with very minimal chances of getting out.	health
I want to get breast implants and buttocks implants. I need more of a woman's shape.?  i'm the opposite, i need to get a breast reduction casue i need less shape, and ache!!	health
Wondering?? If u r 110ish and 5'3" is that healthy? Yes that is healthy.  Depending on your bone size you don't want to be to heavy.  To find out about your bone size take one have using you thumb and pointer circle your wrist.  If you have room then you are small boned.  If you fits perfectly then you are med boned and if you can not touch your fingers than you are large boned.\n\nThe info below can calculate for you.	health
What's the proof a man is not virgin anymore ? Physiological proof... there is none	health
does aflac pay in full, or periodically....for an injury?  I work at the wwhq and from what I understand they pay in full. I am not totally sure but I can check tomorrow and see.	health
what is the process of parkingson desease?  1.  Stage One\n      1.  Signs and symptoms on one side only\n      2.  Symptoms mild\n      3.  Symptoms inconvenient but not disabling\n      4.  Usually presents with tremor of one limb\n      5.  Friends have noticed changes in posture, locomotion and facial expression\n\n2.  Stage Two\n      1.  Symptoms are bilateral\n      2.  Minimal disability\n      3.  Posture and gait affected\n\n3.  Stage Three\n      1.  Significant slowing of body movements\n      2.  Early impairment of equilibrium on walking or standing\n      3.  Generalized dysfunction that is moderately severe \n\n4.  Stage Four\n      1.  Severe symptoms \n      2.  Can still walk to a limited extent \n      3.  Rigidity and bradykinesia\n      4.  No longer able to live alone\n      5.  Tremor may be less than earlier stages\n\n5.  Stage Five\n      1.  Cachectic stage\n      2.  Invalidism complete\n      3.  Cannot stand or walk\n      4.  Requires constant nursing care\n\nThis rating system has been largely supplanted by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale, which is much more complicated.\n\n\n\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------	health
dose anyone know where i can get inexpensive contacts on-line? and that except paypal? try www.lenscrafters.com or .net	health
what is a really good colon cleanser? there are so many and some say diet pills i just want a good body cleanser and detox. Try colon X it cleans them from top to bottom.	health
How can a man prolong his power without using any medicine?  Eating balanced food and living disciplined life !	health
What medication is known for affecting hearing?  There are several medications that are known to be "ototoxic". The most famous is a class of antibiotics called aminoglycosides. These are very strong antibiotics given through an IV, they usually end in "-mycin" such as erythromycin, tobramycin and vancomycin.\n\nOther drugs include certain chemotherapy agents like bleomycin, cisplatin, and vincristine.\n\nMany other products can cause hearing loss but these are the big ones...p	health
What is the best thing for a migraine HELP!?!?!? I need something for a migraine cuz my doctor is closed for the weekend and i need something now im like willing to try anything if it will stop my head from hurting PLZ HELP ME!!!! take some strong pain killers like hydro or something to that effect	health
IS it normal? to feel bad while on a diet? i mean like headaches? is ur body withdrawing from food lol? I dont know whats happening..Im on a weightloss diet..But i have been feeling bad...am i going through withdraw from food lol? yes\ndefinitly if u stop eating some foods cold turkey	health
How much time do you have after congestive heart failure diagnosis? My father in law was diagnosed 3 years ago. Now he is barely able to walk across a room, he's dizzy all the time and they are preparing to do another heart surgery? Anyone else gone throught this and how much longer does he have? It varies with different people.  You need to talk to his doctor and treatment team.  Make sure after this surgery he gets some physicial therapy even inpatient rehab that should get his functional level up.   There are different drugs and treatments out there that can help to manage and improve his condition.  I have seen people with CHF live  a long and productive life.  It's a matter of learning to manage.  Make sure to get himself attached to a heart failure center in a reputable teaching hospital.	health
My tonsols have swollen like lemons what can I do before the clinic opens?  drink something icy cold...iced tea, water, icecream....small sipps	health
What is GET METHOD UNSUPPORTED? I have been working with a particular website for the past four years I never had this problem and recently while I am on this website and I try to open up a certain part I get this message on a blank white page. The code is broken for the page to load correctly. A method which is how the get statement is executed.\n\nTry using anohter browser or call the webmaster for the site	business
What do you think of my business idea, which is cell phones for cats? That way you could call your kitty when it's out roaming around to check in. Purrr-fect business concept!\nYou could create several styles (since cats are finicky) and put them all in a 'cat-alogue'.\n\nActually you could create a GPS collar system. That way owners could tell exactly where their cats were 'catting around'.	business
Does anyone have any thoughts on how labour markets will change in the future?  Thanks to Mrs.Thatcher and now Tony, our manufacturing industry has been transferred to China and India, as a result our service sectors dominating our market place. Who knows what will happen if Honda, Nissan and Toyota decide to move their factories from  the UK  to a cheaper and more cost effective alternative in the eastern europe. I can only guess that recession will follow and this may even affect the service sector.In my view,at the present time the service sector is the dominant labour market in the UK.	business
is owning a bar a fun business? I am trying to do research for a school project.  Please tell me what you know about running a bar.  Thanks! I am a bartender and have managed bars as well.\nIt can be fun, but selling alcohol comes with A LOT of responsibilty!\nYou have to watch for patrons getting intoxicated.\nWhenever there is alcohol, that brings on loudness and boisterness. Patrons can get loud and rowdy, and you might have to kick some out.\nI have also seen a few bar fights in my day. Not fun!\nBut, it can be fun, if you do your job properly.\nYou have to be able to handle more than one thing happening at once, and you have to remain cool and calm for your customers.\n\nWorking as a bartender, the bar area is like your stage.\nYou are putting on a show for your customers.\nYou want to make sure you are making the drinks correctly (and following all health codes) and that way customers can see you making drinks and therefore are intrigued by watching you.\n\nSo - there is sooo much that goes into running a bar, too much to write down. Hope that bit helps!	business
Does anyone know what benefits new part-time Wal-Mart employees start out with?  none to start with.You have to be there a year before you get any.You will get a discount card which will get you 10%off of your purchases at Walmart.I've been with Walmart for 12 years ,was 60 when I started and I'm not living at the poverty line.We do not pay that much for our insurance ,the company pays more then we do.	business
What are the laws regarding insider trading? Is there a window of time when it is legal? For instance, 24-72 hours following earnings. Insider trading ceases to be insider trading when it is disclosed to the public.  However, who is an insider is a function of the common law of the Federal jurisdiction you are in.  For example, Martha Stewart could not have been prosecuted for insider trading had she lived and committed the act in the Northern District of West Virginia.  She would not have met the local definition, because the local definition uses a strict construction of the law.  She was prosecuted in a jurisdiction that uses a construction that is wider in application.  If earnings have been announced by one second, it is no longer insider information.	business
what is defferent between internet and online?  Internet is the whole network of computers that are connected to each other. \nOnline is when you are connected to the internet, or a website that is connected to the internet.	business
what is the best preforming mutual fund?  You can go to this Morning Star site and get the best performing funds for the past year. It is ProFunds UltraJapan Inv.  Unfortunately funds that do the best one year frequently do terribly the next year.  You can also get the funds that have done best over the last 3, 5, and 10 years.  Unfortunately studies have proven that even funds with good 10 years records have a tendency to underperform the market in the future.  The Magellan fund had the best record ~15 years ago,  over the last 10 years it has not done well.	business
looking for a high-interest savings account, with 10-12% interest.?  They don't exist (not in the US at this time).  Interest rates on savings accounts reflect market interest rates.  If the fed funds rate is 3.75%, then the savings account rates will have to reflect this relatively low interest rate.\nHigher returns are associated with taking on higher risk.  To earn 10%-12% interest rates, you will need to invest in something riskier, like the S&P 500, which has, over the long term, generated a rate of return between 10% and 12%.\nAnd, don't think that if a savings account in England (as an example) is paying 10%, you can just convert your dollars to pounds and invest in the English savings account.  The differential rate of return is already built in to the exchange rates (spot rate and forward rate) between the two currencies, courtesy of the world markets and something called arbitrage.  Arbitrage will instantly wipe out that differential rate of return by a compensating change in exchange rates.	business
why i have to live on? why i have to live \nwhat i am living for b/c death is forever	business
have u ever had an orgasm that took away all energy u have in u?  God Yes and Im still recovering!  Last month my hubby was really feeling his wheaties I guess cus he just totally RIPPED my clothes off- yep RIPPED the shirt and jeans completely off of me and at first Im like what the ????  But let me tell u- by the time he ripped the undies off I was sooo hot i could barely breathe!  By time we were done- I could barely walk!  My legs shook- my breathing was erratic and MAN I didnt have the energy to light that cigarette that i TRULY needed but ended up just laying there smiling like an idiot for a good hour!  lol  AWESOME night!	business
Anyone know how to figure out the cost-basis for Boston Scientific shares after the Guidant merger?  Since Boston Scientific is the company doing the takeover, the cost basis for their shares shouldn't change. (Although you should check for any tax documentation that Boston sends out, in case there are any unusual quirks.) If you need assistance determining your Boston Scientific cost basis, you may want to check out taxbasis.com	business
Do legit MLM businesses exist? if so, which ones?  In a survey performed by Microsoft bCentral, internet sales and marketing was listed at the #1 home based business. Its ranking was based on high ease of entry, relatively low cost, high future demand and potentially high return.\n\nWhat should you look for in an "ideal" internet business? \n\n- No or minimal start-up fees (Our business start-up is $29.00)\n- A product or service you feel good about  (Consumable products used in every home… safer, more effective, less expensive, things people use and need on a daily basis)\n- A duplicable system (work FOR yourself- NOT BY yourself… we are a TEAM of individuals working to help others… “Enhancing the lives of those we touch by helping others reach their goals from Home!!!”\n- Residual income (Residual Income PLUS bonuses for helping others!!!)\n- Customizable web sites to promote your business  (Free website for ALL Members)\n- Free training and support  (Free Company and TEAM Training… we will work with you to reach YOUR GOALS!!!)\n- Free marketing materials and ideas (Our support team has 70 members who are there to help you every step of the way… Training and support from people who have been there and done that.  Training provided via email, internet, or telephone)\n- Company in business at least 18 months and in good standing with the Better Business Bureau (Inc 500 Company in business for over 20 years with over 700 Million in annual sales. As for the Better Business Bureau: “The Eastern Idaho and Western Wyoming division of the Better Business \nBureau recently presented Our Company AND CEO with its 2005 "Hall of Fame" award. This prestigious award honored Our Company for its example of ethics and integrity in \ndealings with customers, employees, and the community. We have received many other Prestigious Awards.)\n\nFor more information on how I AM replacing my income from home... (Not get rich quick scheme...my OWN legit BUSINESS) contact me through yahoo 360 or IM.\n\nMy websites: http://learn2.momsmakemore.com or http://learn2.ownanewbusiness.com	business
what are the things needed to calculate beta in share mareket? explain each terms in simple language 'beta' is generally held to mean market covariance, so you would need the periodic price change of the security, and a matching periodic price change of the relevant index. for example, daily price change of a stock, and daily price change of the S&P 500.	business
How much do you expect the cost of electricity to go up this summer?  I don't know where you live, but in the Maryland area the cost is going up 72% July 1st!!!	business
Is selling on ebay really profitable?  Of course it is or no one would use it.	business
what is contained in a new DNA molecule?  a series of base nucleotides connected to each other in pairs twisted into a long spiral. Adenosine, Guanine, Thymine and Cytosine are what seperate one nucleeotide from another. Also Methy groups are often added to the end of some nucleutides, which often indicate which sections of dna not to code into genes.	science
Anyone knows about "mineral value and resistance" Plz tell me if u know? i study in Class 12(India) - have to submit (cbse) project in a month - teacher suggested to work on mineral value and resistance Does anyone know anything abot it? She said we have to find the resistance of fruits and then calculate mineral value accoringly. Plz tell me and help a needie The resistance of living cells depends on the mineral content in them like K+, Na+ etc. In order to study it, take two metal elcetrodes and measure the resistance of fruit pulp. You can get the mineral content of th pulps from standard charts. Compile your data draw graphs and derive your conclusions.	science
When was the last time you really stopped and smelled a tree branch,a bush,or a flower??? During the rain the other day the air was filled with smell of eucaulyptus.It smelled great and took me away for just a bit...Tom Science 4 I try to "Stop and Smell the Flowers" every chance I get. Even in the winter on the coldest days, you can still smell the pines, especially when it snows for some reason. I have never quite understood why. I have plants around my house and even when they are not in bloom they have an aroma. I love the smell of tomato leaves.	science
what is the cure for grey hair?  There is no cure.  There is only the cover of dye.	science
what planets are viewable with the naked eye this month?  Unfortunately, just Saturn.  (See source.)  Venus, Mars, and Jupiter are too closely in line with the Sun this month.  \n\nHowever, Mercury should be visible in the pre-dawn, later this month.\n\nWe just missed the very rare transit of the sun by Mercury on Nov. 8th (I'm kicking myself ... I saw the Venus transit a few years ago through a telescope, and it was wonderful).\n\nAnd don't miss the Leonid meteor shower on Nov. 17.  Unfortunately for me, this year the Leonids peak in the middle of the day in the U.S., but I imagine our European friends would get a good view.	science
Why doesn't a duck's quack echo? I heard that when a duck quacks, it will not echo. Is that true and where can I find research on it. It does echo. Mythbusters (the TV show) debunked the myth. Using a bunch of expensive studio equipment, they found that yes, it does echo, but the quack closely resembles the echo, enveloping it.	science
how can you pass solid matter thrue solid matter?  What we think of as solid matter really is not solid.\nEverything only APPREARS to us to be solid.\nIf we could see it as it really is, we would see what looks like soft blurry clouds with fuzzy outlines that are semi-transparant.\nIt is a function of our brains, and those of all animals brains, to "compose" these fuzzy clouds into shapes that appear to be solid.\nBecause the "strings" that make up each object are vibrating at slightly different rates from those that surround them, they repel each other.\nSo the answer is no, solid matter cannot pass through solid matter.	science
How can I make a model hermet crab? It has to be at least 10 in. and I could use anything. just make it out of clay or soap. You can carve it out of soap with a knife.	science
has anybody recently  heard about robert mallett and his experiments in time travel? i'd heard about robert mallett a couple of years ago and read about him and the experiments with light beams he was carrying out in the labs of the university where he taught. back in 2000 or 2001 he was trying to transport microobjects backwards and forewards in time. many articles had appeared about his experiments but, after that, complete silence. i also contacted him to ask his permission  to use his name in a story (i write sci-fi) and he was so kind as to answer me., but idn't mention anything about progress in his research. so i would like to know if anybody has recently heard about hium and his experiments in time travel - thanks 2006 \n\n With a brilliant idea and equations based on Einstein’s relativity theories, Ronald Mallett from the University of Connecticut has devised an experiment to observe a time traveling neutron in a circulating light beam. While his team still needs funding for the project, Mallett calculates that the possibility of time travel using this method could be verified within a decade.	science
What is the safe DC current level ?  depends on a couple o things...15ma will kill you if it high enough voltage (60 volts+) and it runs through you heart....	science
What should I do to make it snow? like snow dances, and things such as putting spoons under my pillow and wearing my pajamas backwards & inside out. As a kid I thought that if I kicked up a lot of dust and got it as high as I possibly could, that it would cause precipitation in my town.  So on below freezing days, it would snow.	science
what is the topographic relief of the Columbia River?  The river falls a total of 2,690 feet (820 m)from the source to the outfall at the Pacific Ocean. The origin of the Columbia River that flows through Washington and Oregon is generally considered to be Columbia Lake in British Columbia, Canada.  \n\nHere is a map of the entire course of the Columbia:\nhttp://www.spokaneoutdoors.com/collakmp.htm	science
does anyone know anything about fuel cells? i am doing a huge project on them for school and i have to write a 5-7 page report on them and construct a model running on fuel cells. i dont know how i am going to do it.  i am interested in this topic.  and im not sure what key points to go over i my essay.\n\nplease help Multiple NASA web sites have the info that you seek.\nGood luck with your project and let me know how it turns out?	science
What would be the answer to x - 3y= 9     -x + 2y = 1 using elimination?  Place one equation below the other and add:\nx-x elimates x\n-3y+2y = -y\n9+1 = 10\nso -y = 10\ny= -10\n\nso x --3*10 =9\nx=9-30\nx = -21	science
Anyone know how to solve thermochemistry problems??? I need to find the change in enthalpy for this equation:\nFe2O3(cr)+3CO(g)-->3CO2(g)+2Fe(cr)\nI think I'm supposed to use the "deltaH(formation)=deltaH(products)-deltaH(reactants)" formula but I'm not sure. Help is greatly appreciated!! This isn't too bad.\n\nFirst, find the enthalpy of formation for each of the reactants and products.\n\nFe2O3(cr) = -272 kJ/mol\nCO(g) = -110.525 kJ/mol\nCO2(g) = -393.509 kJ/mol\nFe = 0 kJ/mol\n\nThen add the enthalpies of formation for the reactants and subtract the enthalpies of formation for the products:\n\nFe2O3 + 3CO - (3CO2 + 2Fe)\n\n-272 kJ/mol + 3(-110.525 kJ/mol) - 3(-393.509 kJ/mol) - 2(0) = -603.575 kJ/mol - -1180.53 = -576.952 kJ/mol \n\nThat should do it.	science
What is a thesis ? Can you give me an example and a simple definiton. What would be the thesis of a report on Astronomy ? Its what you want to argue or prove...a statement that the entire paper will prove and support...THE MAIN IDEA\n\nExample- Chickens cannot fly for extended periods of time due to the evolution of farming habits, lack of muscle tissue, and wide variety in their diet.....then you explain each point...what evolution has done, why the lack muscle tissue, and how their diet consists of many things so finding food is easy...all will lead to the conclusion as to why they no longer fly	science
incoming its a joke? a woman cheats on her husband with three guys each one of them has brought her a bag of fruite the husband suddenly comes back home he watches his wife with the three of them so he decided to but whatever gifts they brought her in thier a-s-s-e-s so he started with 1st guy who has brought her strawberry and he butted all the bag in his a-s-s one by one, 2nd guy has brought bananas so he butted it in his a-s-s one by one and the guy kept laughing the husband asks what makes u laugh idiot he answered i'm laughing at the 3rd idiot who brought a watermelon. Hehe.  That's sorta funny.  If it wasnt for the confusion brought on by the lack of punctuation marks, I'd laugh even more.  (Sorry.  I'm anal rententive when it comes to grammar, ok?  I think I've got a watermelon stuck up MY a.s.s.)	entertainment and Music
Are there other fans of the band called The Samples? In college, one of my favorite bands was a group called the Samples. Since the band originally was formed here in Boulder, Colorado, I thought it was more of a local band (even though now, the band is made up mostly of VT people...where lead singer Sean Kelly lives).\n\nBut in the early 90s, they were one of the best jam bands to see live. Anyone else outside of Colorado...a fan or was a fan when they were a bit more popular in the 90s? I saw them with Widespread Panic once. They were pretty good.	entertainment and Music
Is Ian watkins bisexual?  Who is he?	entertainment and Music
So whatever happened to those "American Juniors"? It was like American Idol only its contestants were young kids and they formed a group of five. wasn't that like, those five kids, i think one was named chauncey?  idk, i think they had one cd, like, right after they were chosen, but i could be mistaken, most likely one of those "15 minute of fame" things	entertainment and Music
What happened in coronation street tonight?  gail had her concealing session with david, audrey was late & sarah didn't show, the councellor offered gail parenting classes & gail was not immpressed. audrey is walking on the wild side with what's his names dad and vera n the girls pretended to go to amsterdam then threw jack a suprise party in suprise suprise the rovers - AND - danny has pulled out of the factory sale & it looks like the ex boyfriend/ buisness partner (forgot his name as well!!) is looking for revenge - note to you GET SKY PLUS & NEVER MISS ANOTHER EPISODE	entertainment and Music
What's the name of that show? There is a show on a spanish station that involves a midget woman who plays the part of a little girl with pigtails.  Does anyone know the name of the television show and where I can find more information about it? that was on the simpsons i think its call\npetrochelly	entertainment and Music
whoever makes it,tells it not.whoever takes it,knows it not.whoever knows it ,wants it not.what is it?  counterfeit money	entertainment and Music
All the girls out there, do you find Chris Angel appealing? I do.?  Hunni he is so freaking hot, i sure as hell would not kick him out of my bed, might have to chain him there though...hmmm theres a though.lol	entertainment and Music
who is Jesse McCartneys father? A singer thet girls like Paul McCartney	entertainment and Music
What's your favorite song of the moment? Mine is Gnarls Barkley's Who Cares?  What about you? "Bossy" by Kelis.. CUZ I'M A BOSS!!!	entertainment and Music
What is the best Vampire movie ever made?  Personally I think it was Van Helsing, it was well cast and it had a lot of other characters than vampires.  I also really liked Underworld and Underworld Evolution...both great.	entertainment and Music
what is the saddest movie you have ever seen?  CRASH!!!! It's my favorite movie now!	entertainment and Music
any good music? any good music? put the categories it is in like pop or oldies or hard rock.\n\nalso tell me where i might  able to listen 2 it Live, all of there albums are different, the newer they all the lighter. there alternative, rock and probley a few more because of there varity.\n\na good rock artist that will be comeing yp soon is Michael Shapiro.\nhttp://www.michaelshapiromusic.com/ you can listen to his stuff right there.\n\nalso go to purevolume.com they have tons of artists.	entertainment and Music
How many of you use coupons for the Holiday's?  I use coupons year-round...groceries, movies, DVD rentals, Dining out, etc.  They usually have an expiry date so I can't wait until holidays.	entertainment and Music
Hey What is Courtney Callums' off of Cowbelles Dad's name? Hey I am making some sims and I need to know what Courtney and Taylor's dad's name? I am watching the movie except I forget what his name is and it won't say it again. His name was Reid Callum	entertainment and Music
do u think that trish and john cena should date?  Ummm...\n\nWho are these people?\n\n*shrugs*	entertainment and Music
what is the correct spelling for 'satchitory' and what is the definition? as in satitory rape charges The correct spelling is "statutory." The Dictionary.com entry for the word itself is "1. Of or relating to a statute, 2. Enacted, regulated, or authorized by statute." So statutory rape is rape in the sense that it is recognized as such by a statute; it refers to the charge you would face if you slept with a minor.	education and reference
what is hsmp to uk mean? the process methods Highly Skilled Migrant Programme for Immigration to United Kingdom.  you can get more info on the link below.	education and reference
I have been bored these days,so I decided to join a club,But it turned out there's none here in Manila.Help me There is no way that I can ask the ones who I know because they are busy and some don't know about it. Even my schol does surely don't know about it. So I asked you guys. I want to have a club that is both fun and full of lerning. I want a club that is scheduled after school. And that you explore the outside. We should experiment and see real live things that we have in lecture. It is more like tutoring. But there is none here in the Philippines so I wondered if you can help me.\nI just hope it is also affordable, but is not really a school. Just tutoring. So would you help me find one? Start your own group...\nhttp://groups.yahoo.com/\nSearch groups...\nhttp://search.yahoo.com/search?fr=ks&p=yahoo+groups\nHere is a busy Phillipino group...\nhttp://groups.yahoo.com/group/LivingInThePhilippines3/\nHeres a tech group based in Manilla...\nhttp://groups.yahoo.com/group/febc-protips/	education and reference
What is Franzipanic? What's the origin of this term.?  Frangipane is used commonly to refer to a filling tasting of almonds or made from almonds. This filling can be used in a variety of ways including cakes, tarts and other assorted pastries. An alternative French spelling from a 1674 cookbook is franchipane with earliest modern spelling coming from a 1732 confectioners' dictionary. Originally designated as a custard tart that is flavored by almonds or pistachios it came later to designate a filling that could be used in a variety of confections and baked goods. There is an unclear linguistic connection between Frangipani (see plumeria) the flower; Frangipani, the nobleman perfume maker to King Louis XIII of France and the food product.\n\nFrangipane can also refer to:\n\nA custard filling flavored with almonds and/or crushed macaroons. \nA Belgian almond pastry tart. Usually the individual cakes have a striped pattern on top, occasionally with icing.	education and reference
ok......i need ans n really fast.im a ninth grader n i need sum science fair ideas urgently.please help.? im in d ninth grade so keep d level in mind n plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz suggest sumthing gud.i hav 2 submit d idea in anoder 13 hours. how many licks until you get to the center of a tootsie pop and blow pop?  very fun to do!!	education and reference
do students in other countries learn the names of US states?  Not really. It is of no importance to them.\n\nDo you learn all the provinces of France in your school? Why? Why not?	education and reference
i need help: What others words can I used instead of "child"? I used "he or she" ....i need a singular words of "child" Infant, toddler, pre-schooler, primary student, secondary student, youth, youngster, young one, little one, baby, kid.	education and reference
what to write in an acceptance letter? I have to write an acceptance letter to get in a graduate school. any help will be appreciated. does any one have a sample letter. Sample Acceptance Letter\nYour Address\nCity, State Zipcode\nDate\n\n\nContact Person\nTitle\nDepartment\nCompany\nAddress\nCity, State Zipcode\n\nDear Mr./Ms. Contact Person: \n\n\nThank you for offering me a position with (name of organization ) in your (location or division). I appreciate the efforts that everyone in your organization has made on my behalf.\n\nAfter giving your offer serious consideration, I am confident that joining your firm will offer the challenges and rewards I seek. I enthusiastically accept your offer of employment at an annual salary of $________. Becoming a (position title) with (name of organization) will provide me the opportunity to make a genuine contribution and to develop professionally. \n\nOn (date) I plan to be in the area to look for suitable housing. Would you please send me any pertinent information you have available? Also, if it has been established, would you please let me know the date on which you would like me to start work?\n\nI want to express my appreciation again for the many courtesies you and others in your organization have extended to me. I am looking forward to beginning a rewarding career with (name of organization).\n\n\nSincerely,\n\n(written signature)\n\nType your name here	education and reference
By adding the number 8 eight times, can the answer be 1000.  Show me that in your answer please.?  It is\n\n   888\n  +088\n  +008\n  +008\n  +008\n --------\n  = 1000\n --------	education and reference
When serving someone with a restraining order, can anyone sign for it?  No.  A legal restraining order MUST be served on the individual named.  It also must be served by a Sheriff or Constable who can then make proper return to the issuing court.....	education and reference
The most critical animal in the tundra food web is the a) lemming b) muskox c)caribou d) Arctic hare? anybody know the answer? No promise this correct. But, I would think it (d) Arctic Hare\nI know the Caribou a food source, but, harder to catch.\nI assume you mean a Musk Ox it a large prey and could be easy catch.\nLemming seem small, but, may be hard to actually see and stay more hidden.\nFigure the Bunny is easiest to catch and a food of preference.	education and reference
If you were unhappy in college, would you leave?? I don't really feel like i belong here in college.  want to be an actress. I wanna save money and move to LA.  I feel like i'm wasting time and money. Should i leave? What do you think?? I would not leave college.  a degree is something you can carry with you in any career, even to L.A.\nI'm sure you know, it's not that easy to be an actress. there are thousands of women doing small jobs hoping for their big day.  I dont want to discourage your dreams, but getting a degree is one thing you'll never regret. try to hang in there. u have my support and prayers.	education and reference
What does it mean to unravel the knot of emotion? -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\n     My hand began to shake and my eyes filled with tears for someone I didn't know. Weeks later the pain has dulled, but I still can't unravel the knot of emotion that has moved from my stomach to my head. When I told one friend what happened, she shook her head and spoke of the stupidity of filling your body with chemical substances. People who would do drugs after seeing that didn't value their lives too highly, she said.\n-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\n(From "As They Say, Drugs Kill"  by Laura Rowley)\n(in MODELS FOR WRITERS)\n\nIn this context, what does it mean to unravel the knot of emotion? I think that it means to sort out how you really feel about someone/something.	education and reference
free pts to one that answers correctly- why is the famous icecream with topping and cherry called a Sunday? i found the answer interesting, can u guess correctly?\ncan u also guess which city it was credited for naming it first? The year was 1892. Ithaca, New York, was dotted with local drug stores, where many a nickel was spent for a dish of ice cream. After Sunday services at the Unitarian Church, Reverend John M. Scott visited the Platt & Colt Pharmacy in downtown Ithaca, New York, for his usual dish of vanilla ice cream -- but on one fateful day, history was altered forever. That day, instead of plain vanilla for the Reverend, Chester Platt dipped his scoop of ice cream into a champagne saucer, poured cherry syrup over the top, and dressed it with a candied cherry. As the two men pondered over what to call the delightful new concoction, Scott proposed that it be named after the day on which it was invented: Cherry Sunday! \nNone other than H. L. Mencken has disagreed with this account. He claimed that the first Ice Cream Sundae appeared in Two Rivers, Wisconsin. Or was it Manitowoc, Wisconsin? He reported that a customer named George Hallauer urged Edward C. Berners, owner of a Two Rivers ice cream parlor, to top a dish of ice cream with the chocolate sauce he used for ice cream sodas. Berners warned that it would ruin the ice cream, but Hallauer ordered it anyway. The concoction caught on, but was offered only as a Sunday special. One weekday, a ten-year-old girl requested a dish of ice cream "with that stuff on top," pleading to "pretend it was Sunday." \n\nBut a fellow by the name of George Giffy operated a competing soda fountain in the nearby town of Manitowoc. Giffy's best seller was plain vanilla ice cream, and when a customer pleaded for him to pour chocolate syrup, normally reserved for chocolate sodas, over a nickel portion of vanilla, Giffy realized he would have to charge an extra five cents to insure a profit. According to Mencken, the addition of syrup made the new treat too expensive to eat, except perhaps once a week (on Sunday, of course) when dressed-up church-goers filled his place. \n\nBosh! His story about the Wisconsin rivals were taken seriously, but of course Mencken made the whole thing up. He later claimed that his motive for creating the hoax was "simply to have some harmless fun," but historians believe he was actually proving that the American public would believe any absurdity, as long as it appealed to their imaginations. \n\nMore than a few others say, in effect, not so fast. Buffalo, New York, has its own delusion of historical grandeur. Their Hometown legend traces back to Stoddard Brothers, the first drugstore to install a soda fountain in Buffalo, selling ice cream sodas for a nickel - that is, until the day the store ran out of soda water. Uncle Charley Stoddard needed to dream up a new dish in a hurry, so he instructed his clerks to serve two scoops of ice cream drenched with fruit syrup. Charley's idea stuck, and so did the mythology. \n\nNorfolk, Virginia, holds dear to its own unverifiable claim. A city ordinance not only prohibited the consumption of alcohol, but legislated against the growing “Sunday Soda Menace.” To circumvent the blue law, it is purported that a local fountain owner added a few berries, fruit syrup and ice cream to an ice cream soda glass, but held off on the fizzy water. The merchant would not be denied. With a snip of legal subterfuge, his “dry” soda became an Ice Cream Sundae. \n\nThe primacy of the Ice Cream Sundae in Plainfield, Illinois, is dubious. The story afloat is that a Plainfield druggist created a new dessert in response to the urgings of patrons. Dressing a dish of ice cream with syrup, he decided to call it the "Sonntag" after his surname. Sonntag means Sunday in German, and you already know the rest. \n\nThe cradle of the Ice Cream Sundae? An entymologist might trace the dessert to Evanston, Illinois, Chicago's Godly neighbor to the north. "Heavenston," as temperance leader Frances Willard called it, was a rather “Methodist-minded” place, whose zealous clergy had already banned saloons from their 	education and reference
is the word "of" a must in the phraze"a temperature "of" above 30"?  no, in fact I wouldn't use it ... but if you took out the word "above" ... a temperature of 30 ... in that case I'd use it	education and reference
What Does Displacement Means? It Is Something Related To Time. you may be at the shower now but later you will be in your dressing room. this statement show that you were displaced from the shower when you walk from the shower to your dressing room	education and reference
please i need a guys help.? do you think my friend likes me.\n\nHe is in a band and a football player he's hot alote of girls like him i deniy it heres what he acks like around me.\n\nhe says hi quitly at chuch\nbut he acks like he dos'nt know me\nand he looks at me at church alote\nhe asks if i need a ride home from \nhomeschool functions and talks to me\nalote at school things when we are rock\ncliming at the y he stops me all the sudden \njust to make me crazy. \ndos he think of me as a friend or or more than a friend? He has got the absolute hots for you! He is most likely fantasizing about you right now! He is probably thinking you are so hot that you would never date him! Guys can get like that. We see a girl who is really hot and we think there is no way we would ever have a chance of getting a date with the really hot women. Ask him out! Tell him you think he is really hot! It will turn him on! Good Luck!	family and relationships
Im 15Y.O. and  my penis is 8.5in. long... Is this good or bad?  i dun know....but i dun know if ur mind were that big	family and relationships
toxic friend or what? a few months back i was giving a friend of mine a birthday party over at my house, well anyways i needed to pick up a few things from the store, so we ended up leaving...well on the way there she asked me if i could drop her off at her boyfriends for a lil while...my mouth dropped i couldn't believe it, so we ended up arguing, she than started screaming at the top of her lungs...take me home!!! take me home!!! i asked her nicely to please get out of my car... but she refused so i ended up taking her home anyways.... i felt so ashame when i got back to my house because i knew i would have to explain to everyone what had happened...well anyways when the next day came around, i guess reality finally slapped her in the face...she felt so stupid she put her lil brother up to calling me...here's the funny part she took the phone and said i owed her an apology...i hung up and haven't spoke to her since, so am i doing the right thing by staying away from her? YES She is a nut case in case u havent figured that out. My ex is like that but I think she may be on drugs or something. Stay safe and take care.	family and relationships
will i get french kissed my bf tonigt?  	family and relationships
Is my boo cheatin on me? he likes 2 joke allot but he does spend time with me and takes me out 	family and relationships
how to judge girls psychology?  Well, as a girl i know that most of the emotions in girls would appear in their eyes. you can read from them if they are happy, sad, mad or they are normal. the dress is really important. also the hair style. girls who are not in a good mode won't spend long time working on their hair or face and make up. although sometimes they try to hide their emotions behind the colors. how they act is also important. if they didn't use to joke around and now they just began , be sure they are sad... there are lots of things really! mail me if you need more information!	family and relationships
i like this girl, she likes me, but she never told me(her friend did).how can i get  her to tell me? i told her i like her that i like her already. Actually as an expert on women let me say this. U dont want to work hard  getting her to actually say it. Atleast not yet. U need to realise that she probably told her friend to tell u or she knew that her friend knows she likes u and would do her a favour by telling u. I am sure u've done something like tis with one of ur friends before. ANYWAY, she's a girl so she was born with the natural gift of knowing when a man wants her. So to be honest its understood right now. YES...She has already told u face to face that she likes u and wants u and u told her the first time u saw her. So all she is doing is replying to ur question and curiosity. But dont be a dork and try to get her to say it yet. Just do something casual with her first and just work ur way in day by day. Women like that stuff just the way they like their sex. ok playboy? ;-)	family and relationships
why does it turn me on when my friends cry? anyone else feel this way? i actually make them cry on purpose for this No, thats actually quite perverted, and sick.  Weirdo	family and relationships
Do feelings even matter anymore? NO matter if you Male/ female!? Things seem to change when you are with someone for a few years. Why do feelings seem to make an dramatic change.What could it be, can I get some answers? I am not sure that feelings change. Situations change and that affects the intensity of those feelings, but not the actualy quantity. You can love someone and learn to hate them, but you never actually stop loving them. If things are not good, unhappyness accrues and in some cases outweight the love feelings, which is why relationships are a lot of work. I also think that attraction diminishes and many people mistake that for diminished feelings, but it's just attraction. It's there, you just need to work hard at it.	family and relationships
Guy advice needed please! From male and female? I will be enternally grateful to anyone who offers up advice or life expieriences.\n\nSo there is this guy. I am totally head over heels in love, I think about him. I also seem him a few times a day.\n\nHow in the world do I get him to notice me, and WANT to go out with me? How do I get him to come after me?\n\nI really like him. A lot. Except, he doesn't know I exist. Please, any advice? There is no easy answer.  I felt like I spent the better half two years basically throwing myself at this guy I use to work with.  I never got any where.  We just remained good friends and now we just seemed to have gone down different paths and never see each other anymore.  Don't take it too hard if this happens.  It just means that you weren't meant to be together and you'll find the right guy down the road.	family and relationships
I have a feeling my little brother is gay what should I do? he never tells me or my family about his personal life. I'm not sure what the actual question is here... is it a bad thing that he might be gay? What would you do if he was straight? If you feel like you need to act, just make sure that he knows that you love and support him no matter what. If he is gay, it will be extremely difficult for him to admit it to you and your family. The next time you're talking to him you could bring up one of your gay friends in passing (or make one up if you don't have any) so that he knows that you are okay with homosexuality (assuming he is gay and assuming you're okay with homosexuality).  However, just because he doesn't share his personal life with you doesn't necessarily mean he's gay. My brother is straight but doesn't particularly like to divulge information about his personal life to any of us.	family and relationships
I don't know what to do about my relationship...? I've been with my boyfriend for almost 3 years.  About a year and a half ago he got full custody of his 2 young kids.  It's been hard for me to accept that and the changes in our relationship.  He never seems to have time for me and when we do hang out it's in his living room even though I've suggested getting a babysitter a few times a month.  On the weekends he works in a bar and he said he was quitting but decided not too.  My schedual changed for the weekends and now I can go out Saturday nights so I was happy he said he was quiting.  I feel like I don't even know him anymore and it hurts that he doesn't try spending more one on one time with me and that's all I'm asking for.  I don't like being put second but I know in his life that's all I'll ever be.  I'm 23 and he's 30 and people tell me I'm young and should move on but he was the first guy to ever care for me and keep me around.  I'm so heartbroken and I have no idea what to do. You need to talk to him and tell him how you feel.  Let him know that you understand that his kids have to come first and they take up a lot of his time, but that you want to know if he has space for you in his life as well.  There is nothing wrong with him getting a sitter for a night on the weekends so you can go out.  \nThe thing you need to realize is that he isn't "single" anymore - he has 2 kids that depend on him to take care of them and be there for them.  Instead of trying to take him away from his kids why don't you try to be a part of his family.  Get to know the kids, spend time with the kids, go out together with the kids.  Just because he has kids doesn't mean that you should leave him or that he doesn't care for you.\nTalk to him and let him know how you are feeling.  Maybe you can both come to a compromise - a sitter now and then and also going out with the kids too.	family and relationships
what happens if your family starts a fight? never let anyone spilt the families apart there'll always be differences...just don't let the wrong message get across, or no one will talk forever\n\nno one splits families...it's just that words tear apart	family and relationships
My girlfriend sleeps way too much, and I can't take it anymore. What would be the best way to dump her?  Maybe you should find out why she is sleeping first.  She could be sick.  Maybe she is depressed.  I think dumping her because she sleeps way to much is for you to either take the easy way out or you just really don' t like her and if that is the case then be honest and say you don't.  If you do really like her and would like to see a future with her then I think you should take her to the doctor for a physical and blood work to make sure she is O.K.	family and relationships
can you tell if your girlfriend has had sex with someone other than you,and how?  I think you need to ask yourself if she is the type of person who would do that. Then determine if your sex life with her has changed. Is it less frequent? Is it not as satisfying? If she is the type that would cheat or has in the past, then chances are she has or will. If she isn't and there is significant change in your sex life, then you need to discuss your reason for asking this question with her. Like other have stated, her eyes will tell you the answer.	family and relationships
Girls don't like guys to jiggle their arm fat? For me and my girlfriends year anniversary, i just got high and jiggled her arm fat for an hour before i passed out because i had too many shots. Was that wrong? you shouldn't even have to ask. She's probably self conscious about it and you had to go reminding her of a flaw. And for  an hour...oh brother.	family and relationships
Who else knows the real reason? In the movie "The Last Castle", why all the guards disobeyed the order to shoot Robert Redford's character during the prison revolt at the end of the movie. Because they had more respect for him even though he was a prisoner than they did for Colonel Winters, even though he had authority in the prison.  It shows that the guards valued honor more than position.\n\nGood movie and acting by Redford and Gandolfini.	politics and government
question for the neo-liberals? Or should I say socialists....\n\nSome of you like to use the term "neocons" often, like it is an insult.  Do you really understand what that term means?  Or are you just repeating it because you heard someone like Bill Mahar say it condescendingly?\n\nNeo means new, con stands for conservative.\n\nNow, don't you feel silly? Don't call them Neo-Liberals just call them Socialist.	politics and government
Supporting the troops? The Demos claimed they support the troops.  Now if the troops want to complete the job and come home with honor, but the Libs put in an arbritaray time table and pull the rug out from under them is that supporting the troops. I'm not sure who gets credit for the quote "Better to be thought a fool than to opens ones mouth and remove all doubt".\n\nIt seems very appropriate to so many people I read responses from on this type of question. How simple is ones mind working when they believe the reason we are in Iraq is for oil? If that was the goal, we could have simply marched in, taken the oil, end of story. How limited is a persons education on the issues when they genuinely believe that the reasons for terrorism today are based on the US liberating Iraq? In case anyone is not aware, we had DOZENS of attacks on us killing DOZENS of citizens for a DOZEN years prior to our involvement in Iraq.\n\nThese people are not fighting back because we are in Iraq, they are fighting us because in their uneducated feeble minds they believe any non-Muslim is an infidel and they are called upon to KILL the infidel. The fact that we are much closer to their homes and it is easier to now attack us may have something to do with the escalation in numbers, but I think I would still prefer that over pulling our troops out of Iraq, leaving the country to be consumed in sectarian war, standing by as tens of thousands of its people are slaughtered by militant factions of different religious sects, and setting a precedence in the minds of these people that when things get tough, the US runs home with it's tail between it legs.\n\nDo you believe that these Islamo Fascists would then rejoice with "Hooray! The US is gone, now we can get back to normal and live our lives in peace!" If you do, you need to educate yourself. The only thing that would come from such an action by us would be having them penetrate the US in greater numbers and the eventual horrific mass attack such as we had on 9/11.\n\nWake up people, the world is a complicated place. You can not believe that because you think as a peaceful person in a logical manner with the aid of a good education that all the world does the same----it does not, you are privileged.\n\nWith that privilege comes responsibility. I believe you, I and every American has a responsibility to maintain our freedom not for one moment in time, but for all time. We do not have the luxury of sticking our heads in the sand and hoping it goes away or expecting another country to handle this---we are it.\n\nFreedom does not come free, we fought to have it and we MUST fight to keep it.	politics and government
what's the poblems faciing the public  sector in lebanon? ما هي أبرز المشكلات التي يعاني منها القطاع العام في لبنان sorry, i couldn't find anything on google about it.\nhttp://scotthortonshow.com/\nmoney, http://www.philipdru.com/griffin_stream.html\nbush & clinton http://www.philipdru.com/triplett_stream.html\nisrael http://antiwar.com/justin/?articleid=8730\nhttp://www.philipdru.com/webb_stream.html\niran http://www.weekendinterviewshow.com/InterviewDisplay.aspx?i=131	politics and government
what is the difference between a bench warrant & a feleny warrant?  A bench warrant is for failure to appear in court on a set date.\nA felony warrant means you have been charged or accused of a felony act, and the police are looking to arrest you and take you in for an arraignment.	politics and government
when Tibet was a saperate country?  Before 1950	politics and government
National Anthem  U.S.A? Why at sporting events and public gatherings when the national anthem is played women do not remove their hats or caps while men are asked and expected to remove theirs.\n   Do you think women should be expected to do the same?\n  Do you think there may be a double standard?\n  This is not a sexist questuon, I have often wondered why this is the case. I don't know. Good question.	politics and government
Is it illegal to kill seagulls in Florida? For instance, throwing stones at them on the beach? the seagulls in florida sure hope so	politics and government
Can the Japanese embassie (UK) really check your background when applying for a working holiday visa? Criminal records check, who can access information. Would they give me the benefit of the dount. First and only Offence.Would it be best to be honest?Punishment 40 hours community service (Abusive words and or behaviour) is the conviction. If you aren't honest, and they check, you can be banned from receiving a visa *ever*, as well as having that information passed to other embasseys (not only the criminal part of it, but your lie).	politics and government
why is cinqo de mayo significant in mexico?  jtuckerndfw is wrong.  Cinco de Mayo signified the French's defeat by Mexico.	politics and government
How many people, regardless of party feel we are under a dictator right now? I understand everyone in this nation of our (The US) feels we are still free, however, in light of the war, the economy, and our shrinking identity due to illegal immigration and government control I strongly feel that we are likely to be in a Civil War of our own within the next decade.\nI am an expert on foreign policy and domestic, however, my insights stem not from my professional background, but rather, my seeing changes in how the United States treats it's people and bullies the rest of the world. It may not be a very optimistic outlook, but "We the Peope" have become only those with lot's of money making the rest of us do what they want.\nIn short, America is run by corporations and closet tyrannts.  Unless the people of our nation stand up for what the founding fathers intended our nation will be lost forever and we will have nobody to blame but ourselves.\nI did not elect the current President/Emperor, but I can assure you that many who did now regret that choice profoundly. An excellent question. I am forced to borrow one of my favorite quotes:\n\n"In a democracy, the people get the government they deserve."\n\nI just hate the fact that before the people react, as I believe a little over HALF of them did on Nov. 7, they wait until the situation has bottomed out - rather than consistently participating in our government and trying to keep an even keel.\n\nAs the quote above indicates, you are 110% correct in placing the blame for any failures in this great nation squarely on the shoulders of the people. \nThe system of democracy cannot sustain itself without the peoples participation and constant input. \nPower corrupts - we see it demonstrated on a weekly basis - and, at times, even more often.\n\nThe people are the ultimate checks and balance - but only if they excercise that duty.	politics and government
HOW MANY IRAQI BABIES HAS BUSH KlLLED WITH HIS BOGUS WMD WAR OF CHOICE BASED ON A FALSE PREMISE? HOW MANY IRAQI AMPUTEES?\n\nDID BUSH DO MORE DAMAGE TO THOSE FOLKS THAN SADDAM EVER DID?  I HAVE READ THAT OVER 100,000 IRAQIS HAVE DIED, CONTRARY TO BUSH'S LIES ABOUT lT BEING 30,000.\n\nREPUBLICANS SEEM TO THINK THAT IRAQIS LOVE US, BUT THEY DON'T.  THEY JUST DON'T GET IT, UNLESS IT'S SPOONFED TO THEM BY RUSH LIMBAUGH (OXYCONTIN ADDICT). The Iraqi women all shaved their heads in protest of George Bush's occupation of Iraq. they said that they were not being represented properly in the world. So in other words the American Fox news media and Pat Robertson's 700 Club are just another pack of lies from Conservatives. It's nothing new, since if their mouths are moving, they are lying. Deport the Conservatives to Iraq to fight their own wars. Free America from the Tyrants.	politics and government
if a mother doesnt visit with her child in five years ,what rights does she have? i have beed raising my grandson since he was two,who my son has custody of Talk to a lawyer.  You may have a case for child abandonment.  It happened with me.\n\nMy ex-wife left with the guy across the street.  I moved with our daughter (told my wife that we were), she didn't do squat.  Only called for a month or so, then just quit calling.\n\nAfter a year or so, I contacted an atty, and he filed the abandonment paperwork and 3 months later - she has no rights whatsoever.\n\nAfter 13 years, I still haven't heard a word from her.\n\nIt is especially sad that a woman would abandon a child.  she gave birth to it, cared for it and then decided that it was to much for her to deal with.	politics and government
Entering the USA is a PRIVILEGE, NOT A UNIVERSAL RIGHT! What about that is so hard to understand?  You are absolutely correct. It is a privilege to enter this great land of ours. Even illegals know this or they wouldn't hide the fact that they are illegal. \n\nBecause America is synonymous with freedom,(and freedom is pretty much desired by all humans) there is a natural tendency to think that one would have a right to enter unabated. This however is not the case. Freedom is dangerous with out the rule of law.   \nBecause America has some of the most liberal immigration laws of any nation already, I believe people think that passing legally into America is just some sort of formality. Little do they understand that this is a sovereign nation and although the declaration of independence was written by Americans it was written for the world. A decree stating quite matter of factly we are ONE nation.	politics and government
looking for the web site for Michigan Unemployment?  Just go to Michigan.gov.....I'm sure they have a link.	politics and government
What are the pros and the cons of the "A Day Without Immagrants" May 1st protest? Only answer if you can have a view to pro and con?  I do this because there are alot of people who give ignorant answers with no mind thinking support.  They answer out of racism I want to hear from people who have a true answer to this who can put themselves in both the pro and the con side because there is always more then one view to a story. The pros are: We know we have a huge problem in America.\nThe cons are: We know we have a huge problem in America.	politics and government
Who agrees that we are all created equally.?  I BELEIVE THAT WE WERE ALL CREATED EQUAL. WE ALL R HUMANS AND SHOULD NOT BE JUDGED BY THE COLOR OF OUR SKIN! I'M MEXICAN BUT I HAVE THE SAME COLOR BLOOD RUNNIN IN MY VEINS AS ALL PEOPLE. NO ONE SHOULD BE TREATED DIFFERENTLY OR BE TREATED BETTER THAN OTHERS. WITH THE SAME RESPECT AND DIGNITY!	society and culture
What do you find heaven appealing? For the people who believe that there are heaven and hell, what makes heaven appealing? Is it because of fear of hell? What in your opinion is heaven like? Love is what is appealing.  It's still a journey to define true love, but we are talking about God, so this discussion has been going on for at least 6,000 years.\n\nGod = Love\nHeaven = Presence of God.\nHell = Absence of God.\nHell = No love.\n\nBottom line, heaven is appealing because of LOVE.	society and culture
Why do we accumulate wealth ?? When we have to leave behind every thing here on this planet earth.?  What is your definition of wealth. I define wealth by how much I can help other people	society and culture
Who in your life makes you smile the most?  My cat Sophie.  She's a drama queen, and I can actually hear her creating scenarios in her head.\n\n"I'm a tiger.  Yeah, a tiger.  And I'm in the jungle, and there's a cave.....and I have to investigate the cave....but I have to be very careful because there are hunters around....and they might sneak up on me at ANY MINUTE!"	society and culture
Do you hurt people for no reason?  If so, why don't you just change or kill yourself? Are you the type of person who hurts people for no reason, cheats on ur boyfriend/girlfriend when they're actually a pretty decent person, if ur high up in a business do you treat your employees badly even though they're only bein paid 5 quid an hour?  Actually even if they're gettin paid well it's nearly as bad.  Do you hit your girl/boyfriend, or abuse them emotionally?  Are you a bully?  Are you a snob, do you look down on people who you don't even know, for no reason except that maybe they look scruffy or don't have a decent job or live wherever?  Wud u walk past someone dying, or if you could do something to save someone getting hurt would you do it, like if there was a fight would you try to save ur friend who was getting kicked really badly or would you walk on and save yourself?  If ur one of the people that would walk on, it's obvious ur doing the wrong thing, ur a scumbag and you don't deserve anything, why don't you either change or just kill urself?  I actually wanna know. here's a story about the kind of person i am. there was this guy that abused me...and my friends were very angry about this fact. they arranged to have both of us "out back" of the building when i didn't know, nor he, what it was about. all of a sudden they come at him. i opened the door and told him to get away. THAT'S the type of person i am. i love people. i love my enemies. i pray for them. i will stand for anyone to the point of physical pain. and i have.	society and culture
Do you believe in The End Times?Where we'll go to heaven or hell?  Yes, the "end times" are a fact of scripture.  They are upon us. \n\nChrist will return to earth for His people (believers) and restore peace and hope to the world.  Many will be destroyed by the plagues of God first, however.  Christ will establish peace and order on earth based on God's laws.\n\nAfter the 1000 year reign of Christ is completed, the resurrection of the rest of the dead will take place.  Billions of people will come back to life for an opportunity of salvation.  This is called the Great White Throne judgment period.  At the end of this period, God's enemies will be destroyed.  Death and the grave will be destroyed also.  There will be no more death ever, God promises.\n\nThose who believed God and turn to Him through faith believing also in His Son, Jesus Christ will be given eternal life.  These will live forever.\n\n"For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life."  John 3:16\n\nThe offer is for everyone who will believe.	society and culture
who knows a famous person in Honduras that greatly influenced this country if so give me some info on him/her?  I believe the most influential person to come out of honduras in the present is Dr. Salvador Moncada. believe it or not he is a famous doctor who was passed on the nobel nomination because it was given to his superior. \n\nSalvado Moncada was born in Honduras. He is the director of the Wolson Institute for Biomedical Research at the University College London. In El Salvador, he qualified in be a doctor because he was interested in cardiovascular science. His interest was triggered by working with the Peruvian Pharmacologist, Augusto Campos who, at that time, was visiting the University of El Salvador. In February 1971, he managed to earn a fellowship to go to Sir John Vane's laboratory at the Royal College of Sugeons, in England. In Sir John Vane's laboratory he was part of the discovery of that aspirin-like drugs inhibit prostaglandin bisynthesis.\n\nHe felt that he owed something to his native country, Honduras; therefore, in 1974, he went back to do some research. He then went to UK where he re-joined the Wellcome research laboratories.	society and culture
How do you understand the "time is eternity quote"? "Time is...too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice. But for those who love, time is eternity."\nThat's the quote... Live it!	society and culture
Whats worse, Phillip Morris, McDonalds, or Wal-Mart?  Wal-Mart. People chose to smoke (Phillip Morris) and eat (McDonalds). But in some areas, all you have in Wal-Mart. And they are killing small, mom and pop businesses in America. They treat their employees like crap and have low quality products.	society and culture
i'm lookin for info involving my friend Katie Wilkerson's death I need AWNSERS!!? SHE WAS 19 SHE WAS STRANGLED AND THEN THREW OFF A BRIDGE IN LOUSIANA Would need to know where in Louisiana and when. There was a serial killer who followed that m.o. Try looking up the archives of news stations within that location, or even the newspapers. The Daily Advertiser has archived stories, if I'm not mistaken.	society and culture
Ordinances(laws)? Why did Paul say: touch not, taste not, handle not, which all are to perish with the using? Colossians 2:20-22 Take A Look At The Sickness That Pervades Our Society Today, Theres Aids An Other Seual Diseases. Thats An Good Reason	society and culture
Out the box thinkers, when you read the bible do you ever question what you are read? or do you don't understand what you read and just keep reading, what if what they (religionists lealeaders) have been lying to us all the time and instead of god being a spirit, it actually an alien and we are artificial life form that are advancing to become their slaves in the future and that they have many planets they have farmed I never question the word of God. he said it, and i believe it. I may not understand everything in there, but that is when i pray and ask God to reveal it to me. Knock, and it shall be opened to you. Seek, and you will find it.  He has showed me many things. he can do the same for everybody.	society and culture
how many taters can you put in your mouth at one time. whole ones . not french fries?  two ... my mouth is quite small	society and culture
what type of business is st barts?  St. Barts is the popular name of St. Bartholomew's Hospital in Central London.\nhttp://www.bartsandthelondon.org.uk/aboutus/history/barts.asp	society and culture
help please? does anyone know how i can find a FREE SHEMALE dating site?....cuse all of this sites require membership n rite now i dont have no money.....thanks for your help!! Try tgpersonals.com.  It has all transgender and transsexual people on there, both pre-op and post-op, but I'm betting you could find someone for you on there who fits the bill, and all absolutely free, too.	society and culture
In the christian faith, do gays go to heaven?  Aside from meth-head evangelicals and pedophile priests, of course they do.	society and culture
