Jodel  Société Avions Jodel is a French aircraft company started in 1946 by Édouard Joly and his son-in-law Jean Délémontez. Jodel designed a range of light aeroplanes shortly after the Second World War. The popular myth is that the two with no formal aerodynamics training set about designing a single-seat aircraft with some spare plywood and a small Poinsard aircraft engine. The result was the 1948 D9 Bébé (Baby) model.	company
Virtu Financial  Virtu Financial is one of the largest high frequency electronic trading and market making firms. Virtu executes various trading strategies in equities fixed income currencies and commodities across numerous stock exchanges and other markets. Virtu uses proprietary technology-enabled strategies to trade large volumes of securities.	company
Fort Digital  Fort Digital Pte Ltd (formerly Fort Digital) is a software company registered with ACRA in Singapore delivering primarily SMS solutions.	company
Producciones PUNCH  Producciones PUNCH was a Colombian programadora. It was the first programadora to be established in 1956 founded by the Peñaranda family.	company
Ensignbus  Ensignbus is a bus and coach operator open top bus tour operator and bus dealer in Purfleet. It also operates a dealership trading used buses and coaches.	company
Sue Records  Sue Records was also the name of a Louisiana based record company which owned Jewel Records (Shreveport record label).Sue Records (The Sound Of Soul) was founded in 1957 by Henry 'Juggy' Murray in New York City.Also within the group was Symbol Records and Sue also financed and distributed A.F.O.	company
Grand Union (supermarket)  Grand Union Family Markets also known as simply Grand Union was a supermarket chain that has been absorbed into Tops Friendly Markets.Until 2001 the company operated mostly in the northeastern United States but at times its reach extended into the Midwest Southeast and the Caribbean. The company was originally founded and headquartered in Scranton Pennsylvania eventually moving to Brooklyn New York in the early 20th century.	company
Renault do Brasil  Renault do Brasil (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʁeˈno du bɾaˈziw]) formerly Renault do Brasil Automoveis is the Brazilian subsidiary of the French car manufacturer Renault. It was established in 1997 and is the fifth country's automaker by sales. In 2012 Brazil was the second largest market of Renault.	company
Minty Fresh  Minty Fresh is a Chicago-based record label founded in 1993 by Jim Powers with Anthony Musiala. The label is known for launching the careers of Veruca Salt. They also gave the Swedish band The Cardigans their first US release and released the debut single by Liz Phair. They also run the Mini Fresh label which produces children's music.	company
GE Consumer & Industrial  GE Appliances & Lighting is a subsidiary of General Electric headquartered in Louisville Kentucky at Appliance Park. GE Appliances & Lighting is one of the largest suppliers of appliances in the world. It was created in January 2004 when GE Consumer Products merged with GE Industrial Systems. GE Appliances & Lighting is a sub-business under GE Home & Business Solutions. Appliance Park has its own zip code 40225.	company
Hunter Industries  Hunter Industries is a manufacturer of irrigation equipment for the landscaping and golf course industries based in San Marcos California.Hunter produces pop-up gear-driven rotors spray sprinklers valves controllers central controllers and weather sensors. The company reports that it holds more than 250 product patents and 40 trademarks.The company was founded in 1981 by Edwin J. Hunter and Paul M.	company
Yigal Arnon & Co.  Yigal Arnon & Co. founded in 1957 is one of the largest law firms in Israel. Its offices are in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. The firm was founded by Adv. Yigal Arnon.	company
SUSE  SUSE (SUU-zah) is a German-based multinational open-source software company that develops and sells Linux products to business customers. Founded in 1992 it was the first company to market Linux for the enterprise. It is also the primary sponsor of the community-supported openSUSE Project which develops the openSUSE Linux distribution. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Attachmate Group.	company
Kmart  Kmart (sometimes stylized as K-Mart) is an American chain of discount department stores headquartered in the United States. The chain purchased Sears in 2005 forming a new corporation under the name Sears Holdings Corporation. The company was founded in 1962 and is the third largest discount store chain in the world behind Walmart and Target[citation needed] with stores in the United States Puerto Rico the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam (which houses the world's largest Kmart).	company
Semiotic Society of America  The Semiotic Society of America is an interdisciplinary professional association serving scholars from many disciplines with common interests in semiotics the study of signs and sign-systems. It was founded in 1975 and includes members from the United States and Canada. Its official journal is The American Journal of Semiotics. The Society also publishes the proceedings of its annual conferences.	company
Nidec-Shimpo America Corporation  NIDEC-SHIMPO America Corporation is the U.S. subsidiary of NIDEC-SHIMPO Corporation. Located in Itasca IL NIDEC-SHIMPO America Corporation is composed of Shimpo Instruments Shimpo Drives and Shimpo Ceramics.	company
Northside High School (Roanoke Virginia)  Northside High School is one of five high schools in Roanoke County Virginia.	educationalinstitution
Metro Tech High School  Metro Tech High School is part of the Phoenix Union High School District. The campus is located at 1900 West Thomas Road in Phoenix Arizona USA. Metro Tech’s enrollment is 1409 students over 90 percent of whom are Hispanic. Metro Tech High School a magnet high school combines the academic courses for graduation and post secondary education with vocational programs.	educationalinstitution
Great Neck North Middle School  Richard S. Sherman Great Neck North Middle School or simply North Middle is a junior high school comprising grades 6 through 8. It is located on 77 Polo Road in Great Neck as part of the Great Neck School District. It is located in Great Neck Village.	educationalinstitution
The Windsor Boys' School  The Windsor Boys' School is an all-boys secondary school on Maidenhead Road in Windsor Berkshire within the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead Local Authority. The school also specialises in the arts.	educationalinstitution
Churchill High School (Winnipeg)  Churchill High School is a secondary school in Winnipeg Manitoba that teaches grades 7 to 12. It is part of the Winnipeg School Division.	educationalinstitution
Robinson Rams  The Robinson Rams are the athletic teams of Robinson Secondary School of Fairfax Virginia. The school's athletic program includes 18 VHSL AAA varsity sports which compete in the AAA Concorde District of the AAA Northern Region.	educationalinstitution
Deshbandhu Mahavidyalaya  Deshbandhu Mahavidyalaya established in 1973 is the general degree college in Chittaranjan Burdwan district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Burdwan.	educationalinstitution
Marsden Heights Community College  Marsden Heights Community College is a mixed 11-16 comprehensive school in Brierfield Lancashire England.	educationalinstitution
N. S. S. College Pandalam  N. S. S. College is a higher education institution in Pandalam affiliated with the University of Kerala. It is one of the three oldest colleges established and managed by the Nair Service Society. The college was founded by Mannathu Padmanabha Pillai in 1950 with intermediate course offerings from the University of Travancore. The college is situated near the Pandalam central junction adjacent to several other N. S. S.	educationalinstitution
University of Connecticut School of Business  The University of Connecticut (UConn) School of Business was founded in 1941 with the mission to create and disseminate knowledge that significantly influences and enriches the students the community of business scholars and the global world of business practice. The UConn School of Business offers programs in a variety of functional disciplines — Accounting Finance Management Marketing and Operations and Information Management.	educationalinstitution
Verde Valley School  Verde Valley School (VVS) is an international college preparatory boarding and day school for students in grades 9-12. It is one of only a few U.S. boarding schools to offer the International Baccalaureate curriculum as its sole curriculum for 11th and 12th grades. The school is located in Sedona Arizona. There are approximately 118 students from over 18 states in the U.S. and more than 16 nations.	educationalinstitution
New Mexico State University Carlsbad  New Mexico State University Carlsbad (NMSU Carlsbad) is a two-year community college in Carlsbad New Mexico. It is a part of New Mexico State University in Las Cruces.NMSU Carlsbad was established in 1950 as Carlsbad Instructional Center. The school offers certificates and associate degrees.	educationalinstitution
Thomas University  Thomas University is a four-year coeducational private university located in Thomasville Georgia United States. Thomas University offers students associate bachelor and master’s degrees. Thomas University provides education to traditional and non-traditional students. There is an academic emphasis on professional career development with undergraduate and graduate programs in business criminal justice education and health and human services as well as in the arts and sciences.	educationalinstitution
University of Montpellier  The University of Montpellier (French: Université de Montpellier) was a French university in Montpellier in the Languedoc-Roussillon région of the south of France. Its present-day successor universities are the University of Montpellier 1 Montpellier 2 University and Paul Valéry University Montpellier III.	educationalinstitution
Falconhouse Grammar School  Falconhouse Grammar School (abbreviated as FGS) is one of the largest private English medium school systems in Pakistan. It offers preschool primary education secondary education and preparation for local SSC and the international GCE. Most of its students opt to take the international GCE O and AS/A Level examinations organized by the CIE of UCLES.	educationalinstitution
The Academy of Music  The Academy of Music was a music conservatory located in the United States. The academy was once considered one of the foremost music academies in the southeast and the primary music academy in the state of North Carolina. Centrally located downtown in the metropolitan city of Raleigh North Carolina the Academy taught a number of University age students as well as advanced high school students..	educationalinstitution
Artemis Cooper  The Hon. Alice Clare Antonia Opportune Beevor (born 22 April 1953) is a British writer known as Artemis Cooper.She is the only daughter of the second Viscount Norwich and his first wife Anne (née Clifford) and a granddaughter of Lady Diana Cooper. She has a brother the Hon. Jason Charles Duff Bede Cooper and a half-sister Allegra Huston the only child of Lord Norwich and Enrica Soma Huston the estranged wife of American film director John Huston.	artist
Morris Pleasure  Morris Joseph Pleasure (aka “Mo” born July 12 1962 in Hartford Connecticut) is a composer producer multi-instrumentalist and touring musician. Morris plays piano bass trumpet and guitar in genres that include pop funk jazz R&B Soul Brazilian and Classical music. Pleasure holds a Bachelor of Arts degreein Music from the University of Connecticut (1986).	artist
David Williams (guitarist)  David Williams (November 21 1950 – March 6 2009) was an American rhythm guitarist who performed and recorded with Michael Jackson Madonna Herbie Hancock and the Temptations among others.	artist
Victor-Jean Nicolle  Victor-Jean Nicolle (1754–1826) was born in the city of Paris. He revealed his talent for landscape compositions at an early age when in 1771 as a pupil of the Royal School of Drawing he won the Perspective Prize.	artist
Thomas J. Bergersen  Thomas Jacob Bergersen (born July 4 1980) is a Norwegian composer who is the co-founder of the trailer music production company called Two Steps From Hell and has written music for several high profile trailers.He started his musical career as a demoscener writing tracked modules under the name Lioz in the group Index.In May 2010 he and his business partner Nick Phoenix released an album called Invincible featuring some of his most popular tracks including Freedom Fighters Moving Mountains Heart of Courage etc.In 2010 he also composed the original music for the movie The Human Experience. 	artist
John Carter Cash  John Carter Cash (born March 3 1970) is an American country singer-songwriter author and producer. He is mostly known for being the only child of Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash. His half siblings include Rosanne Cash Carlene Carter and Rosie Nix Adams.	artist
Isaiah Rashad  Isaiah Rashad McClain better known as Isaiah Rashad is an American hip hop recording artist from Chattanooga Tennessee. In March 2013 Rashad signed to Carson California-based independent record label Top Dawg Entertainment. On January 28 2014 he released Cilvia Demo his debut extended play (EP) via digital distribution.	artist
Amzi Chapin  Amzi Chapin (1768–19 February 1835) was an American cabinetmaker singing-school teacher shapenote and composer.	artist
William Phiston  William Phiston or Fiston (fl. 1571-1609) was an English translator and author.	artist
John Boyne  John Boyne (born 30 April 1971 in Ireland) is an Irish novelist. He is the author of eight novels for adults and four novels for younger readers. His novels are published in 46 languages.	artist
Robert Roberthin  Robert Roberthin (3 March 1600 in Saalfeld (now Zalewo in Poland) – 17 April 1648 in Königsberg) was a German Baroque poet. He wrote under his own name as well as the anagram Berrintho.	artist
Vlado Janevski  Vladimir Vlado Janevski (Macedonian: Владимир Владо Јаневски [ˈvlaːdɔ ˈjanɛfski] ) is a popular Macedonian singer. He was Macedonia's first Eurovision contestant finishing 19th in Birmingham at the 1998 Eurovision Song Contest with the song Ne Zori Zoro.	artist
Hermann Levi  Hermann Levi (November 7 1839 – May 13 1900) was a German Jewish orchestral conductor.Levi was born in Gießen Germany the son of a rabbi. He was educated at Gießen and Mannheim and came to Vinzenz Lachner's notice. From 1855 to 1858 Levi studied at the Leipzig conservatorium and after a series of travels which took him to Paris he obtained his first post as music director at Saarbrücken which post he exchanged for that at Mannheim in 1861.	artist
Barbara Dennerlein  Barbara Dennerlein (born 25 September 1964 in Munich Germany) is a hard bop post-bop and jazz organist. She has achieved particular critical acclaim for using the bass pedalboard on a Hammond organ and for integrating synthesizer sounds onto the instrument and has been described as the most interesting jazz organist to emerge during the 1980s.	artist
Scott Oden  Scott Oden (born June 24 1967 in Columbus Indiana) is an American historical novelist. His settings run the gamut from Late Period Egypt to the era of Alexander the Great to Medieval Cairo. His first book was the critically acclaimed Men of Bronze (2005).	artist
Roberta Beach Jacobson  Roberta Beach Jacobson (born July 21 1952) is an American journalist humorist and early ezine editor.Jacobson was born as Roberta Beach Johnson in Worcester Massachusetts. Her first publication came at age 8 in Jack and Jill. After finishing high-school in 1970 she joined the United States Army which sent her to Europe. She remains an expatriate saying I prefer Europe. I'm where I want to be.	artist
Philip Martineau  Philip Hubert Martineau (28 October 1862–7 October 1944) was an English cricketer. A left-arm fast-medium bowler he played first-class cricket for the MCC in 1883.	thlete
Jerry Connors  Jeremiah Connors was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1892.	thlete
Dennis Ribant  Dennis Joseph Ribant (born September 20 1941 in Detroit Michigan) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the New York Mets Pittsburgh Pirates Detroit Tigers Chicago White Sox St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds.	thlete
Marlon Menjívar  Marlon Menjívar Ernesto (born 1 September 1965) is a retired Salvadoran professional footballer.	thlete
Johanne Samarasekera  Johanne Abeyratne Samarasekera (born 22 February 1968 in Colombo Sri Lanka) is a former cricketer. After playing twelve first-class games for his native Colombo in 1988–89 to 1989 Samarasekera emigrated to the United Arab Emirates. He made the national side for the 1994 Pepsi Austral-Asia Cup in Sharjah where he played in his first two One Day Internationals and he also competed for the UAE in the 1994 ICC Trophy where he was named best bowler of the tournament having taken 18 wickets.	thlete
Corey Potter  Corey Potter (born January 5 1984) is an American ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).	thlete
Alexandra Mueller  Alexandra Mueller is a professional American tennis player playing in the ITF Women's Circuit. On July 6 2009 she reached her highest WTA singles ranking of 280. On September 19 2011 she reached her highest WTA doubles ranking of 160. She is coached by Scott Lambdin.	thlete
Giuseppe Gentile  Giuseppe Gentile (born 4 September 1943 in Rome) is a retired Italian triple jumper who won a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.	thlete
Eric Bischoff  Eric Aaron Bischoff (born May 27 1955) is an American entrepreneur television producer professional wrestling booker on-screen personality and occasional wrestler. He is best known for serving as Executive Producer and later President of World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and later the General Manager of World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw brand. Bischoff has also worked with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) where he served as Executive Producer of Impact Wrestling.	thlete
Jean-Pierre Dumont  Jean-Pierre J. P. Dumont (born April 1 1978) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Blackhawks Buffalo Sabres and Nashville Predators. Dumont is currently a member of tag HC Nashville based in Nashville Tennessee.	thlete
Sideris Tasiadis  Sideris Tasiadis (born 7 May 1990 Augsburg) is a German slalom canoer of Greek descent who has competed since the mid-2000s. He lived in Thrace Greece for 10 years during his childhood.In 2012 he won a silver medal in the men's C-1 at the London Olympic Games behind Tony Estanguet (FRA) and beating two time Olympic Champion Michal Martikán (SVK).He also won three silver medals in the C-1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships earning them in 2010 2011 and 2013.	thlete
Ionuț Tofan  Ionuţ Tofan (born March 8 1977 in Bucharest) is a Romanian rugby union footballer. A fly half he made his international debut in 1997 and was the Romanian national team's goalkicker during their 2003 World Cup campaign. He has scored 316 points in tests for his country.	thlete
Vladimir Eljanov  Vladimir Eljanov (8 May 1951 – 19 October 2013) was a Ukrainian chess International Master Honoured Coach of Ukraine FIDE Senior Trainer (2013) and chess book publisher.	thlete
Lee Kwang-moon  Lee Kwang Moon (Hangul:이광문 Hanja:李光紋 August 4 1983 - ) is a South Korean rugby union player. He plays as a number eight and occasionally a flanker.	thlete
Armando Benítez  Armando Benítez (born November 3 1972) is a retired relief pitcher. Benítez debuted with the Baltimore Orioles in 1994 and within a few years became their closer. He was a reliever for several other organizations after Baltimore in 1999 and last played in Major League Baseball in 2008. His 289 saves rank 25th all time. Since 2008 he has played in minor league and independent league baseball.	thlete
Sirelda  Jaime Dauncey (born November 20) is a Canadian professional wrestler best known for her appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2006 under the ring name Sirelda.	thlete
Adelaide Casely-Hayford  Adelaide Casely-Hayford née Smith (27 June 1868—16 January 1960) was a Sierra Leone Creole advocate an activist for cultural nationalism educator short story writer and feminist. She established a school for girls in 1923 to instil cultural and racial pride during the colonial years under British rule.	officeholder
Gene Davis (politician)  Gene Davis is a Democratic member of the Utah Senate representing the 3rd District (map) since 1999. Previously he was a member of the Utah House of Representatives from 1987 to 1998.	officeholder
Paulo Zucula  Paulo Zucula (born 1955) is a Mozambican politician and Mozambique's Minister of Transportation and Communication since March 2008.	officeholder
Paul Thompson (rector)  Dr Paul Warwick Thompson FRSA (born Oxford 9 August 1959) is rector of the Royal College of Art in London England.He was educated at Bryanston School the University of Bristol (BA) and the University of East Anglia (MA PhD).He worked as a scriptwriter and researcher for the Design Council 1987–88.	officeholder
Warren Petryk  Warren Petryk is an American politician and a member of the Republican Party. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly on November 2 2010.A graduate of the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire Petryk defeated Jeff Smith in the Wisconsin State Assembly race.	officeholder
Endre György  Endre György (18 March 1848 – 15 January 1927) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture in 1905.	officeholder
Ko Lay  Ko Lay (Burmese: ကိုလေး pronounced: [kò lé]; born 31 October 1931) was mayor of Yangon from 1988 to 2003.	officeholder
C. Vanniasingam (Surveyor General)  C. Vanniasingam was the 30th Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1970 succeeding C. T. Goonawardana and held the office until 1971. He was succeeded by R. A. Gunawardana.	officeholder
Charles Rizk  Charles Rizk (Arabic: شارل رزق‎) (born 20 July 1935) is a Lebanese Maronite politician who served at different cabinet posts.	officeholder
Milton Milan  Milton Milan is an American Democratic politician. He was the first Latino Mayor of Camden New Jersey elected in 1997 before being convicted of corruption and subsequently removed from office becoming the third Camden mayor in 20 years to be found guilty of corruption.	officeholder
Éric Caire  Éric Caire (born May 21 1965 in Sorel-Tracy Quebec) is a politician from Quebec Canada and the CAQ Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of La Peltrie.He was owner of a local business for one year and taught computer sciences at Collège François-Xavier-Garneau in Quebec City. Before his election he was a computer-analyst for eight years including two with Cognicase.	officeholder
John Jenkins (American politician)  John Jenkins is a Maine politician. He served as mayor of Auburn and separately mayor of Lewiston. He was also the first African American to serve in the Maine State Senate. In August 2010 Jenkins announced his write-in candidacy for the Governor of Maine.Jenkins was elected Mayor of Auburn as a write-in candidate a first for the City of Auburn.	officeholder
Edmund Burke  Edmund Burke PC (12 January [NS] 1729 – 9 July 1797) was an Irish statesman author orator political theorist and philosopher who after moving to England served for many years in the House of Commons of Great Britain as a member of the Whig party.He is mainly remembered for his support of the cause of the American Revolutionaries and for his later opposition to the French Revolution.	officeholder
John Keith McBroom Laird  John Keith McBroom Laird (12 January 1907 – 12 November 1985) was a Canadian author barrister and solicitor. He was a member of the Canadian Liberal Party a well-known tax lawyer in Windsor and a law partner of Paul Martin Sr. who was the father of Prime Minister Paul Martin.He served as Senator for Windsor Ontario in the Federal Parliament from 6 April 1967 until 12 January 1982.	officeholder
Sidney Parsons  Sidney Parsons (c. 1893 – April 22 1955) was a Canadian politician mayor of Edmonton Alberta and candidate for election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	officeholder
David Wootton  Sir David Hugh Wootton (born 20 July 1950 Yorkshire) was the 684th Lord Mayor of London from 2011 to 2012 and is the Alderman of the Ward of Langbourn.	officeholder
French destroyer Le Hardi  Le Hardi (the bold one) was a destroyer of the French Navy built prior to the Second World War. She was the lead ship of her class.Le Hardi was built at A C de la Loire at Nantes. She was laid down on 20 May 1936 launched on 4 May 1938 and completed .	meanoftransportation
R. Tucker Thompson  The R. Tucker Thompson is a gaff rigged tops’l schooner based in Opua Bay of Islands New Zealand. She is operated as a non-for profit charitable trust and owned by the R. Tucker Thompson Sail Training Trust. The mission of the trust is “Learning for Life through the Sea”. The ship is used for tourism day sails in the Bay of Islands from October through April and for sail training activities between May and September.	meanoftransportation
British Rail Class 52  British Rail (BR) assigned Class 52 to the class of 74 large Type 4 diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for the Western Region of British Railways between 1961 and 1964. All were given two-word names the first word being Western and thus the type became known as Westerns.	meanoftransportation
POLDER  POLDER (POLarization and Directionality of the Earth's Reflectances) is a passive optical imaging radiometer and polarimeter developed by the French space agency CNES.	meanoftransportation
V-STOL Super Solution 2000  The V-STOL Super Solution 2000 is an American STOL homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Dick Turner and produced by V-STOL Aircraft Corporation of Fort Myers Florida. When it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.	meanoftransportation
INS Airavat (L24)  INS Airavat (L24) is the third Shardul class amphibious warfare vessel of the Indian Navy.	meanoftransportation
USS Chippewa (1814)  USS Chippewa was a ship of the line for which construction began at the Navy Yard Sacketts Harbor New York after the signing of a contract on 15 December 1814 but the ship was never launched. Uncompleted the ship was sold on 1 November 1833.The ship was named for the Battle of Chippawa fought during the War of 1812.	meanoftransportation
Nakajima B5N  The Nakajima B5N (Japanese: 中島 B5N Allied reporting name Kate) was the standard torpedo bomber of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) for much of World War II. Although the B5N was substantially faster and more capable than its Allied counterparts the TBD Devastator Fairey Swordfish and Fairey Albacore it was nearing obsolescence by 1941. Nevertheless the B5N operated throughout the whole war due to the delayed development of its successor the B6N.	meanoftransportation
HMS Thames (1885)  HMS Thames was a Mersey class second class protected cruiser of the Royal Navy. She later served in the South African Navy under the name SATS General Botha as a training vessel.	meanoftransportation
Geely CK  The Geely CK is a sedan automobile from Chinese manufacturer Geely Automobile. Production began in May 2005. The CK's Chinese name Ziyoujian stands for Freedom Ship or Free Cruiser. It was sold as the Geely Otaka on the Russian market in 2007-2008.	meanoftransportation
Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker  The Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker is a military aerial refueling aircraft. It and the Boeing 707 airliner were developed from the Boeing 367-80 prototype. The KC-135 was the US Air Force's first jet-powered refueling tanker and replaced the KC-97 Stratotanker.	meanoftransportation
Peugeot 405 Turbo-16  The Peugeot 405 Turbo 16 is a coupé built by Peugeot Talbot Sport derived from the Peugeot 405 and the Peugeot 205 Turbo 16 in 1988 for African rally raids. Driven by Ari Vatanen the four wheel drive car won the Paris Dakar rallye in 1989 and 1990. It won the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in 1988 driven by Vatanen in record-breaking time. The film Climb Dance was made from the race.It had four wheel steering a feature never before seen a rally or hillclimb car.	meanoftransportation
HMS Arrogant (1761)  HMS Arrogant was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 22 January 1761 at Harwich. She was the first of the Arrogant class ships of the line designed by Sir Thomas Slade.She took part in the Action of 8 September 1796.In 1801 she was converted to a sheer hulk and in 1810 she was broken up.	meanoftransportation
SS Clan Mackenzie (1942)  Clan Mackenzie was a 7039 GRT cargo ship which was built in 1942 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) as Empire Cato. In 1948 she was sold to Clan Line and renamed Clan Mackenzie serving until 1960 when she was scrapped.	meanoftransportation
USS Ice Boat (1861)  USS Ice Boat was a vessel borrowed from the City of Philadelphia Pennsylvania by the Union Navy when the American Civil War suddenly broke out. She was placed in service immediately and kept in service until she could be replaced by Union Navy vessels built or borrowed and then returned to Philadelphia.	meanoftransportation
French ship Illustre (1781)  The Illustre was a 74-gun Magnanime class ship of the line of the French Navy.She took part in the campaigns of Suffren before staying in Brest between 1788 and 1791. She was razeed into a 44-gun frigate in 1793.In February 1794 she was renamed Mucius Scévola and Scévola the next month.She took part in the Expédition d'Irlande. On 30 December 1796 she was wrecked in a storm and was so badly damaged that she was scuttled. The crew was evacuated by Révolution.	meanoftransportation
Temple of All Religions  The Temple of All Religions (Russian: Храм всех религий) or the Universal Temple (Russian: Вселенский храм) is an architectural complex in the Staroye Arakchino Microdistrict of Kazan Russia. It consists of several types of religious architecture including an Orthodox church a mosque and a synagogue among others. It is currently under construction having been started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov.	building
Lower Sunday River School  The Lower Sunday River School is an historic school in Newry Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.	building
Mid-Western Regional Hospital Ennis  The Mid-Western Regional Hospital Ennis (also known as Ennis General Hospital) is a public hospital located in Ennis County Clare Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including an 8am-8pm emergency department for the population of County Clare. In 2008 the hospital served 12295 out-patients and 5067 in-patients with an average stay of 5.8 nights.	building
Hermitage Motor Inn  The Taylor Cunningham Hotel — now called the Hermitage Motor Inn — is an historic lodge in Petersburg Grant County West Virginia USA. It was built about 1840 and was originally a two story brick building in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A third story was added in the early 20th century. It features a two story porch with turned post and balusters. It has been in continuous operation as an inn since 1881.	building
Z. D. Ramsdell House  Z. D. Ramsdell House also known as The Ramsdell House is a historic home located at Ceredo Wayne County West Virginia atop a mound claimed to be an Indian burial mound. It was built in 1857-1858 and is a two story red brick and frame dwelling measuring 30 feet wide and 48 feet deep. It sits on a stone foundation and is in the Greek Revival-style with a gable roof. Zopher D. Ramsdell came to Ceredo at the invitation of the town's founder and fellow abolitionist Eli Thayer.	building
United States Post Office–New London Main  The U.S. Post Office-New London Main is located in New London Connecticut. The post office was built in 1932 in Classical Revival architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	building
Osawatomie State Hospital  Osawatomie State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital established in 1855. It has been named Kansas Insane Asylum and the State Insance Asylum but was officially changed to its present name in 1901.	building
Church of St Peter and St Paul Ormskirk  The Church of St Peter and St Paul is in the market town of Ormskirk Lancashire England. Dating from no later than the 12th century it is one of only three churches in England to have both a western tower and a central spire and the only one to have them both at the same end of the church. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool. It is designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.	building
White Flint Mall  White Flint Mall is a shopping mall located along Rockville Pike in Montgomery County Maryland due for closing and demolition in 2014.	building
Old Fort Johnson  Old Fort Johnson or Fort Johnson was a two-story stone house enclosed in fortifications built by Sir William Johnson about 1749 in the town of Amsterdam Montgomery County New York United States. The fort served as Johnson's home business office and trading center until 1763 when he moved to Johnson Hall in what is now Johnstown New York.	building
Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine  Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine (Persian: آرامگاه بی‌بی‌شهربانو‎) is a shrine located near Shahr-e Ray a southern suburb of Tehran Iran.The shrine is located outside the present town on the slope of a small mountain range extending eastwards known by the name of Mount Tabarak or Kuh-e Ray or also Kuh-e Bibi Sharbanu. The oldest parts of the shrine date from the 15th century shortly before the Safavid period.	building
Deutsche Bank Place  Deutsche Bank Place is a 240 m (790 ft) skyscraper in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is located at 126 Phillip Street (corner of Hunter Street) in the north-eastern end of the central business district across the road from Chifley Tower. Construction began in 2002 and was completed in 2005. The building's architect is Norman Foster of Foster and Partners.	building
Coral Gables City Hall  The Coral Gables City Hall is a historic site in Coral Gables Florida. It is located at 405 Biltmore Way. On July 24 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The city hall was built in the Mediterranean Revival architectural style. It was completed in 1928. Phineas Paist and Harold Steward were the architects; Denman Fink was the artistic advisor.	building
Phoenix Shot Tower  The Phoenix Shot Tower also known as the Old Baltimore Shot Tower is a red brick shot tower 234.25 feet (71.40 m) tall located near the downtown Jonestown (also known later as Old Town) and Little Italy communities of East Baltimore in Maryland. When it was completed in 1828 it was the tallest structure in the United States. The tower was originally known as the Phoenix Shot Tower then the Merchants' Shot Tower and now is also sometimes called the Old Baltimore Shot Tower.	building
Church Office Building  The Church Office Building (COB) is a 28-story building in Salt Lake City Utah which houses the administrative support staff for the lay ministry of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) throughout the world. The building is 420 ft (128 m) tall at roof level and is located within the Temple Square complex on the corner of North Temple and State Street.	building
The Evolution of Education Museum  The Evolution of Education Museum is situated on Highway #2 South in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada.The school in which the museum is housed was built in 1920 and was finally closed in 1963. This school was originally located 20 miles northeast of Prince Albert and is named after Clayton Smith who was a postmaster. The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated. It has desks a library and many artifacts from school days in early 20th century Saskatchewan.	building
Merderet  The Merderet is a 36 km long river in Normandy France which is tributary to the Douve River. It runs roughly north-south down the middle of the Cotentin peninsula from Valognes to the junction with the Douve at Beuzeville la Bastille.	naturalplace
North–South Lake  North–South Lake is an 1100-acre (4.4 km²) state campground in the Catskill Forest Preserve near Palenville New York operated by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation near the site of the historic Catskill Mountain House overlooking the Hudson River. The escarpment on which the lakes are located is at 2250 feet (685.8 m) 1700 feet (518 m) above the valley floor providing a view of five states in clear weather[citation needed].The area is rich in history.	naturalplace
Bolshoy Semyachik  Bolshoy Semyachik (Russian: Большой Семячик) is a volcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of a group of a few stratovolcanoes and lava domes.	naturalplace
Pelion Range  The Pelion Range is a mountain range in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park Tasmania Australia named after Mount Pelion in Greece. The Overland Track passes over the range through the Pelion Gap and consequently several peaks are popular walks. The range features a number of the highest mountains in Tasmania.	naturalplace
Hanmer River  The Hanmer River is a river in the Hurunui District of New Zealand. It originates in the Hossack Saddle between the Hanmer Range and the Amuri Range and flows south-west into the Waiau River about 8 km south-west of Hanmer Springs.	naturalplace
Swift Creek (Washington)  Swift Creek is a southward-flowing tributary of the Baker River about 7 miles (11 km) long in Whatcom County in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in glaciers near Table Mountain and Kulshan Ridge and flows west before being joined by more glacial tributaries. It then winds south-southeast for several miles to Baker Lake reservoir and there it is joined by Morovitz Creek directly before it enters the lake.	naturalplace
Grotão das Arraias River  The Grotão das Arraias River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.	naturalplace
Gordon River  The Gordon River is one of the major rivers of Tasmania Australia. It rises in the centre of the island at Lake Richmond and flows westward for about 193km where it empties into Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania. Major tributaries include the Serpentine River and the Franklin River. The entire course of the Gordon River is an uninhabited wilderness area.	naturalplace
Escalante River (Venezuela)  The Escalante River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.	naturalplace
Zunil (crater)  Zunil is an impact crater near the Cerberus Fossae on Mars with a diameter of 10.4 km (6.5 mi). It is named after a town in Guatemala. The crater is located in the Elysium quadrangle.	naturalplace
Enagh Lough  Enagh Lough (from Irish Loch Eanach meaning marshy lake[citation needed]) is a pair of lakes in Northern Ireland called East lake and Westlake situated between Judges Road and Temple Road in Maydown County Londonderry.	naturalplace
Horse Mountain  Horse Mountain elevation 9952 ft (3033 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the San Juan National Forest west of Pagosa Springs.	naturalplace
Grand Muveran  The Grand Muveran is a mountain in the Bernese Alps. At 3051 metres it is the highest summit lying west of Pas de Cheville and the westernmost three-thousander of the Bernese Alps. It is located on the border between Vaud and Valais. On the latter side is the village of Ovronnaz where the easiest route to the summit starts via the Rambert Hut.	naturalplace
Lake of the Clouds  Lake of the Clouds is a lake located in Ontonagon County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan within the Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park. The lake is situated in a valley between two ridges in the Porcupine Mountains.	naturalplace
Chitina River  The Chitina River (Ahtna Athabascan Tsedi Na’ < tsedi «copper» + na’ «river») is a 112-mile (180 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the Saint Elias Mountains at the base of Chitana Glacier and flows generally northwest through the Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve to meet the larger river near Chitina. The watershed was once a major copper mining region.	naturalplace
Yu River (Russia)  The Yu River (Russian: Ю) is a river in the north of Russia. It flows on the territory of the Komi Republic south-east in the upstream and south-west in the downstream from its source close to Chasovo Komi.The Yu falls into the Vychegda River.	naturalplace
Sefidan  Sefidan (Persian: سفيدان‎ also Romanized as Sefīdān; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.	village
Mapanawatura  Mapanawatura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.	village
Thirumeni  Thirumeni is a village in Kannur district in the Kerala state of India.	village
Drygulec  Drygulec [drɨˈɡulɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wojciechowice 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 375.	village
Napoleonów  Napoleonów [napɔlɛˈɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kamieńsk 21 km (13 mi) north of Radomsko and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.	village
Alavan West Azerbaijan  Alavan (Persian: علاوان‎ also Romanized as ʿĀlāvān and Ālāvān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 15 families.	village
Gadaladeniya  Gadaladeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.	village
Kusan  Kusan (Persian: كوسان‎ also Romanized as Kūsān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.	village
Zarzec Ulański  Zarzec Ulański [ˈzaʐɛt͡s uˈlaɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.	village
Ballinhassig  Ballinhassig (Irish: Béal Átha an Cheasaigh) is a village in County Cork Ireland situated 10.6 km south of Cork City just off the N71 Bandon road and not far from the source of the River Owenabue (Abhainn Bui meaning Yellow River).Traditionally an agricultural area Ballinhassig has seen economic growth due to commuting being within easy reach of Cork City and the many multinational chemical and industrial facilities located in the surrounding areas.	village
Mazraeh-ye Abdollahabad  Mazraeh-ye Abdollahabad (Persian: مزرعه عبداللّه آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.	village
Hasteh Kuh Hormozgan  Hasteh Kuh (Persian: هسته كوه‎ also Romanized as Hasteh Kūh) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.	village
Włochy Opole Voivodeship  Włochy [ˈvwɔxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Domaszowice 17 km (11 mi) east of Namysłów and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).	village
Khvajeh Mahi  Khvajeh Mahi (Persian: خواجه ماهي‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Māhī) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.	village
Łubia  Łubia [ˈwubja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.	village
Pain Kuh Zanjan  Pain Kuh (Persian: پا ئين کوه‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Kūh; also known as Palkin and Pegin) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 597 in 141 families.	village
Henricus platanillanus  Henricus platanillanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (San Luis Potosí).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive cream with grey andochreous suffusions and spots. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.	animal
Hyamia  Hyamia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	animal
Lanephus  Lanephus njumanii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Lanephus.	animal
Dysbatus  Dysbatus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	animal
Rhinelepini  Rhinelepini is a tribe of armored suckermouth catfish family within the Hypostominae subfamily.	animal
Bactromantis virga  Bactromantis virga is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bactromantis in the order Mantodea.	animal
Automolis  Automolis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.	animal
Nadagarodes  Nadagarodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	animal
Amberoderma  Amberoderma beali is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Amberoderma.	animal
Amorphoscelis siebersi  Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.	animal
Lancetes  Lancetes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Lancetes angusticollis (Curtis 1839) Lancetes arauco Bachmann & Trémouilles 1981 Lancetes backstromi Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes biremis Riha 1961 Lancetes borellii Griffini 1895 Lancetes dacunhae Brinck 1948 Lancetes delkeskampi Riha 1961 Lancetes falklandicus Riha 1961 Lancetes flavipes Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes flavoscutatus Enderlein 1912 Lancetes immarginatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes lanceolatus (Clark 1863) Lancetes marginatus (Steinheil 1869) Lancetes mixtus (C.O.Waterhouse 1881) Lancetes nigriceps (Erichson 1834) Lancetes praemorsus (Erichson 1834) Lancetes subseriatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes tarsalis Riha 1961 Lancetes theresae Sharp 1902 Lancetes towianicus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes varius (Fabricius 1775) Lancetes waterhousei Griffini 1895↑	animal
Alabonia  Alabonia is a genus of gelechioid moths. Here it is placed within the subfamily Oecophorinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Alternatively it has been placed in the Elachistidae or Depressariinae together with its presumed closest relatives.	animal
Ophthalmoptera innotata  Ophthalmoptera innotata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ophthalmoptera of the family Tephritidae.	animal
Fasciolariidae  Fasciolariidae common name the tulip snails and spindle snails is a family of small to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Buccinoidea.The family Fasciolariidae probably appeared about 110 million years ago during the Cretaceous	animal
Zebra spider  The zebra spider Salticus scenicus is a common jumping spider. Like other jumping spiders it doesn't build a web. It uses its four pairs of large eyes to locate prey and its jumping ability to pounce and capture it. Zebra spiders are often noted for their awareness of humans. Upon noticing someone observing them they can be seen raising their head and usually change behavior (hence why salticus scenicus theatrical jumper).	animal
Cypraecassis  Cypraecassis is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae.	animal
Bulbophyllum clemensiae  Bulbophyllum clemensiae is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	plant
Acacia retinodes  Acacia retinodes is an evergreen shrub that is native to South Australia Victoria and Tasmania. Short racemes of yellow flowers are produced periodically throughout the year. Some common names are Retinodes water wattle swamp wattle wirilda ever-blooming wattle and silver wattle.It grows to a height of 6-10m.	plant
Aglaia sexipetala  Aglaia sexipetala is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Papua New Guinea Singapore Thailand and possibly the Philippines.	plant
Bulbophyllum quinquelobum  Bulbophyllum quinquelobum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	plant
Lathyrus delnorticus  Lathyrus delnorticus is an uncommon species of wild pea known by the common name Del Norte pea. It is native to the Klamath Mountains of southern Oregon and northern California where it is a member of the serpentine soils flora. This is a hairless perennial herb producing a winged or flanged stem. The leaves are made up of several pairs of oval or lance-shaped leaflets and the stipules of the leaves are wide and toothed. There are branching coiled tendrils.	plant
Gardenia jasminoides  Gardenia jasminoides (common gardenia cape jasmine or cape jessamine) is an evergreen flowering plant of the family Rubiaceae. It originated in Asia and is most commonly found growing wild in Vietnam Southern China Taiwan Japan Myanmar and India. With its shiny green leaves and heavily fragrant white summer flowers it is widely used in gardens in warm temperate and subtropical climates and as a houseplant in temperate regions.	plant
Augusta (plant)  Augusta is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in tropical Latin America from Mexico to Brazil and also in the southwestern Pacific (Fiji and New Caledonia).	plant
Crataegus aprica  Crataegus aprica is a species of hawthorn native to the southeastern United States. It is a bush with small leaves and fruit that go through an apricot-coloured stage before becoming red.	plant
Gentianella hyssopifolia  Gentianella hyssopifolia is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.	plant
Mammillaria duwei  Mammillaria duwei is a member of the genus Mammillaria in the family Cactaceae. Mammillaria duwei is cactus endemic to Mexico. Plants have dark green skin almost completely obscured by delicate white spines. Flowers are yellow and appear at the onset of Summer. Many specimens will cluster over time while others will remain solitary.	plant
Crataegus brainerdii  Crataegus brainerdii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Brainerd's hawthorn. It is native to eastern North America including eastern Canada and the eastern United States.This species is a shrub or small tree growing up to 30 feet tall. The branches are lined with thorns up to 1.6 inches long. The serrated leaves are somewhat triangular in shape and sometimes slightly lobed. They are hairy when new. The flowers are borne in clusters.	plant
Acacia aulacocarpa  Acacia aulacocarpa is an Australian tree in the Fabaceae family.A. aulacocarpa occurs naturally East of the Great Dividing Range from North Queensland to Northern New South Wales. Despite its extensive distribution it is a relatively uncommon species as populations tend to be locally confined to creek banks or run-on sites near rock outcrops.	plant
Rodriguezia candida  Rodriguezia candida is a species of orchid occurring from northern South America to Brazil.	plant
Nepenthes × alisaputrana  Nepenthes × alisaputrana (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈɑːlɨsəpʊˈtrɑːnə/ preferably or /əˈlɪsəpʊˈtrɑːnə/ after Datuk Lamri Ali) or the Leopard Pitcher-Plant is a hybrid of two well-known Nepenthes pitcher plant species: N. burbidgeae and N. rajah. The plant is confined to Mount Kinabalu in Sabah Borneo.Nepenthes × alisaputrana was described in 1992 by J. H. Adam and C. C. Wilcock and is named in honour of Datuk Lamri Ali a former Director of Sabah Parks.	plant
Houstonia pusilla  Houstonia pusilla is a plant in the family Rubiaceae native to the United States and common in the southeastern and central parts of the country. It is a short plant 6 inches (150 mm) or less in height with a tiny blue toned yellow centered four lobed flower with a 0.25–0.33 inches (6.4–8.4 mm) diameter. The plant has a center rosette form and green herbaceous foliage with leaves up to 0.5 inches (13 mm) long.	plant
Sonchus palmensis  Sonchus palmenis (Sch.Bip.) Boulos. (La Palma sow-thistle) is a plant endemic to the Canary Island of La Palma.	plant
This Is Sinatra Volume 2  This Is Sinatra Volume Two is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1958.Another collection of Sinatra singles and B-sides with backings courtesy of Nelson Riddle following 1956's This Is Sinatra!.	album
Dreams (Philip Bailey album)  Dreams is a 1999 album by Philip Bailey which was released on Heads Up International Records. Dreams featured guest appearances by artists such as Grover Washington Jr. George Duke Kirk Whalum and Gerald Albright and on the album Bailey covered Pat Metheny's Something to Remind You Bread''s Make It With You and Earth Wind & Fire's Sailaway which was featured on the band's 1980 album Faces.	album
Castle (Jolin Tsai album)  Castle (Chinese: 城堡; pinyin: chéng bǎo) is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) sixth studio album. It was released on 27 February 2004 by Sony Music Taiwan.	album
Nina Simone at Town Hall  Nina Simone at Town Hall is a 1959 live album by Nina Simone. It was recorded live at The Town Hall on 15 September 1959 and released as her second album for Colpix Records that same year. Some of the songs were featured in the concert but were re-recorded in a studio for the album.	album
Moon of the Chaos Eclipse  Moon of the Chaos Eclipse is the fifth album by Runemagick. It was released as a limited edition digipak of 1000 copies in 2002 through Aftermath Music.	album
Praise the Beast  Praise the Beast is the fourth studio album by Polish death metal band Azarath. It was released on May 25 2009 by Agonia Records. It was also released on American label Deathgasm Records.The drums for the album were recorded at RG Studio in Gdańsk Poland during September 2008. The guitars and bass were recorded at Progresja Studio in Warsaw during October 2008.	album
Making Contact (album)  Making Contact is the eleventh studio album released by the British hard rock band UFO the first album without founder bassist Pete Way.	album
Space Love & Bullfighting  Space Love & Bullfighting is a studio album released by the American eclectic rock band Havalina in 2002.	album
13 Songs  13 Songs is a compilation of all the songs from the American post-hardcore band Fugazi's first two EPs. It was released in September 1989.	album
Earth vs. The Pipettes  Earth vs. The Pipettes is the second album from the British girl group The Pipettes and first album as a duo. Our Love was Saved By Spacemen was released as a viral video online and received generally positive reviews from websites such as PopJustice and PopMatters. Stop The Music their official first single from the album was released on 19 April 2010. Its music video was released on 23 March 2010.	album
Circles (The New Seekers album)  Circles is a 1972 album by UK pop group The New Seekers. It was the group's sixth album and released at the peak of their success. In the UK the album was notably released in a cut-out circular sleeve.The album Circles released by Elektra (EKS 75034) has different artwork and quite different tracklisting.	album
Living Like a Millionaire  Living Like a Millionaire is the second album by New York based punk/glam rock band Toilet Böys.	album
Behind Bars  Behind Bars is the third studio album by British-American rapper Slick Rick released November 22 1994 on Def Jam Recordings. The album features production from Vance Wright Pete Rock Prince Paul Large Professor Easy Mo Bee and Warren G as well as guest appearances by Doug E. Fresh Nice & Smooth and Warren G. Upon its release Behind Bars achieved moderate chart success peaking at number 51 on the Billboard 200 and number 11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.	album
Hôtel Costes Best of Costes  Hôtel Costes Best of Costes is a downtempo/lounge album compiled and mixed by Stéphane Pompougnac resident DJ of the Parisian cafe/restaurant Hôtel Costes.	album
Anchored in Love: A Tribute to June Carter Cash  Anchored in Love: A Tribute to June Carter Cash is a tribute album released in 2007 featuring various country music artists performing songs performed in any part by June Carter Cash including songs with Johnny Cash and the Carter Family. The album was produced by Johnny and June's only son John Carter Cash.	album
The Irish Connection  The Irish Connection is fourth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter Brian McFadden. The album was released on 1 March 2013 in Ireland followed three days later on 4 March in the United Kingdom. The album was preceded by the release of the lead single a cover of All I Want Is You a duet with Ronan Keating released on 25 February 2013. The album contains ten covers of songs by popular Irish artists including U2 Sinead O'Connor and Damien Rice.	album
We Bought a Zoo  We Bought a Zoo is a 2011 comedy-drama/family film based on the 2008 memoir of the same name by Benjamin Mee. The film is directed by Cameron Crowe and stars Matt Damon as the lead character. It tells the story of Mee and his family who purchase a dilapidated zoo and take on the challenge of preparing the zoo for its reopening to the public.We Bought a Zoo was released in the United States on December 23 2011.	film
The Painted Desert  For other uses see Painted Desert (disambiguation)The Painted Desert (1931) is a film released by RKO Radio Pictures which marks the debut of Clark Gable in a talkie. Gable's performance as Rance Brett an unshaven former criminal who does not feel sorry about the crimes he has committed made him an important supporting actor overnight as the result of an avalanche of unexpected fan mail and opened the door for him to become The King of Hollywood during the 1930s.	film
Sorority Girl  Sorority Girl (also known as Sorority House or The Bad One) is a 1957 exploitation film directed by Roger Corman. It stars Susan Cabot as Sabra a sociopath who plays a very disruptive role in a sorority with Barboura Morris as Rita and Dick Miller and June Kenney.The film was remade in 1994 as Confessions of a Sorority Girl.	film
A Piece of Eden  A Piece of Eden is a 2000 film directed by John D. Hancock.	film
Baraka (film)  Baraka is a 1992 non-narrative documentary film directed by Ron Fricke. The film is often compared to Koyaanisqatsi the first of the Qatsi films by Godfrey Reggio for which Fricke was cinematographer. Baraka was the first film in over twenty years to be photographed in the 70mm Todd-AO format and the first film ever to be restored and scanned at 8K resolution.	film
Miss Tutti Frutti  Miss Tutti Frutti is a 1921 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz.	film
Hamoun (film)  Hamoun is a 1990 psychological drama movie directed by Dariush Mehrjui. The movie tells the story of a middle-class Iranian – Hamid Hamoun played by Khosro Shakibai – and his struggle after his femme fatal wife Mahshid played by Bita Farrahi demands a divorce from him.	film
Hombres de mar  Hombres de mar (Seamen) is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.	film
Ajax: Hark the Herald Angel Sings  Ajax: Hark the Herald Angels Sing is a football documentary that goes behind on the scenes at Ajax Amsterdam football club during the 1999/2000 season. It was sanctioned by the club as they were expecting a successful season but 1999/2000 was one of the worst seasons suffered by Ajax in recent history and the DVD did not show Ajax in good light. The documentary shows footage of board room and meetings and also their football camp in Ghana.	film
Silence in Paradise  Silence in Paradise (Spanish: Silencio en el Paraiso) is a 2011 Colombian drama film directed by Colbert Garcia.	film
Sea Wife  Sea Wife (1957) is a DeLuxe CinemaScope British film based on the 1955 James Maurice Scott novel Sea-Wyf. Shot in Jamaica the film follows a group of survivors from a torpedoed British refugee ship.	film
Piso pisello  Piso pisello (internationally released as Sweet Pea) is a 1981 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Peter Del Monte.It entered the 38th Venice International Film Festival.	film
Our Winning Season  Our Winning Season is a 1978 film directed by Joseph Ruben from a screenplay by Nicholas Niciphor.	film
Dracula vs. Frankenstein  Dracula vs. Frankenstein is a 1971 United States horror film directed by Al Adamson.	film
Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return  Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return (also called Children of the Corn 6) is the sixth film in the Children of the Corn series. It is the third film that went direct-to-video. It is best remembered for the return to the series of John Franklin from the first Children of the Corn film.	film
A Song Goes Round the World  A Song Goes Round the World (German: Ein Lied geht um die Welt) is a 1933 German drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Joseph Schmidt Viktor de Kowa and Charlotte Ander. An English-language version of the film was made My Song Goes Round the World by British International Pictures also directed by Richard Oswald. The film serves as a semi-biopic of Joseph Schmidt who appears in it himself. A 1958 film of the same name was also a biopic of Schmidt who was by then dead.	film
By This Axe I Rule!  By This Axe I Rule by Robert E. Howard is the last of Howard's Kull stories set in his fictional Thurian Age. It was first published in the Lancer Books paperback King Kull in 1967.This story was rejected by the pulp magazines Argosy and Adventure in 1929 after which Howard rewrote it substituting a new secondary plot. It was published in December 1932.	writtenwork
Sayonara Midori-chan  Sayonara Midori-chan (さよならみどりちゃん) is a Japanese manga by Kyūta Minami. It was adapted into a live-action film in 2005.	writtenwork
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations  Bartlett's Familiar Quotations often simply called Bartlett's is an American reference work that is the longest-lived and most widely distributed collection of quotations. The book was first issued in 1855 and is currently in its eighteenth edition published in 2012.The book arranges its entries by author rather than by subject as many other quotation collections and enters the authors chronologically by date of birth rather than alphabetically.	writtenwork
Gun Princess  Gun Princess (銃姫 Jū Hime) is an ongoing Japanese light novel series written Madoka Takadono and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. The first novel was published under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint in April 2004 and as of December 2009 eleven novels have been released. The series is set in a world where humans have discovered a way to seal their long-lost magical powers into bullets starting an era of constant warfare.	writtenwork
The Memory Keeper's Daughter  The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel by American author Kim Edwards that tells the story of a man who gives away his newborn daughter who has Down syndrome to one of the nurses. Published by Viking Press in June 2005 the novel garnered great interest via word of mouth in the summer of 2006 and placed on the New York Times Paperback Bestsellers List. The novel was adapted to television film and broadcast on Lifetime Television in April 2008.	writtenwork
Rejecta Mathematica  Rejecta Mathematica is an online journal for publishing papers that have been rejected by other mathematics journals such as Annals of Mathematics. Each paper is accompanied by an open letter describing why the paper was rejected how the topic has been developed since and why it is worthy of publication. The first issue was published in July 2009 containing topics such as image enhancement and condition numbers.	writtenwork
Entrepreneur (magazine)  Entrepreneur is a North American publication that carries news stories about entrepreneurialism small business management and business opportunities. It is published by Entrepreneur Media Inc. headquartered in Irvine California. The magazine publishes 12 issues annually available through subscription and on newsstands and includes sections such as Tech Money Sell and Lead.	writtenwork
First Love (novella)  First Love (Russian: Первая любовь Pervaya ljubov) is a novella by Ivan Turgenev first published in 1860. It is one of his most popular pieces of short fiction.	writtenwork
Confessions of a Crap Artist  Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick originally written in 1959. Dick wrote about a dozen non-science fiction novels in the period from 1948 to 1960; this is the only one published during his lifetime. The novel chronicles a bitter and complex marital conflict in 1950s suburban California from the perspective of the wife's brother an obsessive compulsive amateur scientist.	writtenwork
Mike (novel)  Mike is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 15 September 1909 by Adam & Charles Black London.	writtenwork
Social Issues and Policy Review  Social Issues and Policy Review is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and the Journal of Social Issues. The journal was established in 2007. The current editors-in-chief are Samuel L. Gaertner (University of Delaware) and Rupert Brown (University of Sussex). The journal covers social issues and public policy.	writtenwork
Foundations and Trends in Marketing  Foundations and Trends in Marketing is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of marketing. The editor-in-chief is Jehoshua Eliashberg (University of Pennsylvania).	writtenwork
Unnatural Causes  You may be looking for UNNATURAL CAUSES: Is Inequality Making Us Sick? a documentary series broadcast on PBS in 2008.Unnatural Causes (1967) is a detective novel by English crime writer P. D. James.	writtenwork
Swords Against Darkness  Swords Against Darkness is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in February 1977.The book collects nine short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with a foreword by Offutt.	writtenwork
World and Town  World and Town is a novel by Gish Jen that follows a Chinese American widow and her friendship with a family of Cambodian immigrants. The novel describes the difficulties encountered in the lives of characters as they embrace immigration rationalism and religious fundamentalism.Set in New England the novel begins in early 2001 and describes the life of Hattie Kong a widowed retired high school teacher. Kong's quiet life is interpreted when a family of Cambodian immigrants moves to her town.	writtenwork
The Songs of Bilitis  The Songs of Bilitis (/bɪˈliːtɪs/; French: Les Chansons de Bilitis) is a collection of erotic poetry by Pierre Louÿs published in Paris in 1894 (see 1894 in poetry).The book's sensual poems are in the manner of Sappho; the introduction claims they were found on the walls of a tomb in Cyprus written by a woman of Ancient Greece called Bilitis a courtesan and contemporary of Sappho to whose 'life' Louÿs dedicated a small section of his book.	writtenwork
