Freddie Mac Says May Face SEC Action  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Mortgage finance company Freddie  Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it may face civil action from the  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for possible violations  of securities laws.	business
Backs off drastic fare  amp; service plans The MTA unexpectedly has withdrawn its doomsday plan to raise fares, slash service and pink-slip workers. New Yorkers had been told to prepare for the worst, including a nearly across-the-board hike in discount MetroCard prices.	business
The Dollar Sinks Across the Board (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar sank across the board on\Friday as dealers shrugged off robust U.S. economic data and\kept their focus on the currency's shaky fundamentals.	business
Oil Prices Briefly Climb Back Over \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices briefly climbed back over \$50  on Tuesday, pushed higher by supply outages in the North Sea  and fears about low stocks of winter heating fuels.	business
OECD Says Oil Prices and Inflation Not Hurting Industrial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A leading economic think-tank sees a strong recovery in the second half of the year for major industrial economies, in spite of high oil prices, and says inflation is not yet a concern.	business
Snow Predicts Oil Prices Set to Go Down (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow\predicted on Sunday skyrocketing oil prices were set to  go\down and said Middle Eastern finance ministers had responded\positively to his request to boost output quotas.	business
Deutsche to Gazprom: Buy Yugansk Gazprom is considering a recommendation from Deutsche Bank that it buy Yuganskneftegaz, Yukos #39; main production unit, as part of a wider strategy to increase its presence in the oil sector, a company official said Monday.	business
Kellogg Quarterly Earnings Top Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Kellogg Co. , the world's\largest cereal maker, on Monday reported a quarterly profit\that exceeded Wall Street estimates and raised its full-year\earnings outlook, helped by strong sales of new products.	business
Hershey Profit Up, to Sell Cookies (Reuters) Reuters - Chocolate maker Hershey Foods Corp.\ on Thursday posted a higher-than-expected 16 percent\rise in quarterly profit and said it will get into the cookie\business.	business
Stock Market Rally Fueled by Cheaper Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Oil is still king on Wall Street --\and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's\stock market charts.	business
Yukos Ordered to Pay Portion of Tax Claim The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled Monday that the embattled oil giant Yukos must pay some \$1.4 billion in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.1 billion back-tax claim for 2001, the Interfax news agency reported.	business
Getting Animated About Summer Call it the CG dance -- CG as in  quot;computer generated. quot; A day after Pixar (PIXR ) and Disney (DIS ) announced they would delay for seven months the release of their next animated feature, Cars, DreamWorks SKG Animation (DWA ) said it will do the same with 	business
Treasuries Rally on Weak Jobs Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices soared on Friday  after the latest employment figures suggested U.S. job creation  continues to lag, soothing worries the Federal Reserve might  raise interest rates more aggressively.	business
UPDATE 1-Euro Disney deal brings relief but challenges loom Euro Disney (EDLP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) shares leapt on Wednesday after the French theme park operator clinched a long-awaited deal to restructure its 	business
Transport costs lift UK inflation to 1.5 London - Britain #39;s inflation rate hit its highest level in five months in November, pushed up by air fares and surging utility bills, official figures showed yesterday.	business
News Corp. sets up  #39;poison pill defence #39; to protect Murdoch family &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global media group News Corp. has launched a shareholders #39; rights plan to protect shareholders #39; interests if any attempt is made to wrest control from executive chairman Rupert Murdoch and his family.	business
Genetic Material May Help Make Nano-Devices: Study (Reuters) Reuters - The genetic building blocks that\form the basis for life may also be used to build the tiny\machines of nanotechnology, U.S. researchers said on Thursday.	science
Microsoft contests patent infringement decision An appeals court should throw out a \$500m (260m) patent infringement judgement against Microsoft because a lower court failed to recognise that the patent was not invented by the company awarded the money, a Microsoft lawyer claimed yesterday.	science
UK chemists seek hydrogen store Hydrogen has zero greenhouse emissions when  quot;burned quot; in the novel car engines now under development - but being a gas it is expensive to compress or liquefy.	science
M.I.T. Makes Yale Provost First Woman to Be Its Chief Susan Hockfield, a 53-year-old neuroscientist, is the first woman and the first person from the life sciences to achieve the presidency.	science
Euro Web sites spread Bofra worm via banner ads Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites over the weekend may have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts said today.	science
Cambridge SoundWorks gives digital music a spin Home theater company Cambridge SoundWorks is helping consumers tackle the time-consuming task of converting CDs into digital files.	science
Did the First Americans Come From, Er, Australia? (Reuters) Reuters - Anthropologists stepped into a\hornets' nest on Monday, revealing research that suggests the\original inhabitants of America may in fact have come from what\is now known as Australia.	science
Sprint PCS becomes first carrier to offer new Treo Sprint Corp. announced it will be the first carrier to offer palmOne Inc. #39;s new Treo 650 smart phone. The device, which will retail for \$600, includes phone, e-mail, Web, organizer, MP3 player, digital camera and camcorder capabilities.	science
EMC taps longtime IBM veteran Jeffrey Nick for CTO position Jeffrey Nick, an IBM veteran who helped design the company's on-demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy, has been named EMC's new CTO.	science
Take-Two Sets Funk, Rap Soundtrack for San Andreas  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game publisher Take-Two  Interactive Software Inc. and Interscope Records on Tuesday set  a Dec. 7 release for an eight-CD soundtrack to "Grand Theft  Auto: San Andreas," Take-Two's blockbuster criminal adventure  game.	science
Nokia licenses SD memory card technology, to join SDCA ESPOO, FinlandNokia Corp. has applied for membership in the SD Card Association and has signed a licensing agreement that enables the use of SD memory cards in its devices.	science
Yahoo Search Cleans Cluttered Look Yahoo Search Cleans Cluttered Look\\Yahoo Search has introduced a Google clone search page but who will see it? If you visit the Yahoo home page, you'll see a couple of hundred links to all their services such as Yahoo Jobs, Yahoo Dating, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Stores, ...	science
Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search\\Open-source Linux desktop environment KDE developers have announced plans to make searching for files on the KDE desktop more simple by adding a Google-style search feature. CNet reports that the next version of KDE, which will either be called 3.4 or 4, and is ...	science
Moon gas could power your home: scientists The same gas used to blow up balloons could be mined from the Moon #39;s surface and transported to Earth to meet future energy demands, say US scientists.	science
Cosmonauts return safely from space mission ARKALYK, KAZAKHSTAN - Russia #39;s Soyuz TMA-4 capsule returned safely home early Sunday morning following a six-month stay at the international space station.	science
Windows XP SP2 rollout to resume Wednesday After a nine-day postponement, Microsoft on Wednesday plans to start pushing out Windows XP Service Pack 2 to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition.	science
Some won, some lost, but Greece triumphed over all ATHENS - We owe them an apology, oh yes we do. The Greeks pulled off the Olympic Games after we said they did not have a prayer, and now there #39;s but one way to make it right: The Summer Games belong here 	sports
Greece humbled; England, France held LONDON, Sept. 5. - European champions Greece lost 1-2 to Albania and France were held to a barren draw at home by Israel in World Cup qualifying surprises yesterday.	sports
Celtics keep it together Once again down the stretch, there was the sound of 15,000 people squirming in their seats. The Celtics had led the hottest team in basketball from the first quarter last night. They'd been up by 22 points with 11:08 to play. And now, with the spread down to 10, everybody was thinking the same thing: Can these guys blow it ...	sports
US Dream Team: a nightmare Someone forgot to inform the US Olympic basketball team that it was sent to Athens to try to win a gold medal, not to embarrass its country.	sports
Mauresmo Pulls Out of Swisscom Challenge (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Swisscom Challenge on Tuesday because of a strained thigh muscle.	sports
Freshman Walker gives Irish running game a boost SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Running back Darius Walker didn #39;t play last week against Brigham Young, but Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham said the reason had nothing to do with any thoughts of holding Walker out as a freshman to preserve a year of eligibility.	sports
Bears' Tucker Out With Dislocated Elbow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears left guard Rex Tucker will miss eight to 10 weeks of the regular season because of a dislocated left elbow.	sports
Hansen has an uphill struggle for breaststroke bronze ATHENS, Greece  Brendan Hansen is the swimmer who caught a wave and then lost it. He owns two world records and zero gold medals. 	sports
Charlotte stops Lynx to rise to top in East A record-setting start against Minnesota put the Charlotte Sting alone atop the Eastern Conference. Tammy Sutton-Brown added 10 points for the Sting, who beat the Lynx 	sports
Reshuffled South Africa hang on for draw South Africa narrowly escaped defeat in their three-day tour match against an Indian Board President #39;s XI on Tuesday. The visitors, having conceded a 135-run first-innings 	sports
Schu #39;s lucky escape WORLD champion driver Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured after a high-speed crash during a testing session in Monza, Italy, yesterday.	sports
12th-Ranked Michigan Beats Michigan St. in 3rd OT ANN ARBOR, Michigan (Sports Network) - Braylon Edwards caught a 24-yard touchdown pass in the third overtime to lead 12th-ranked Michigan to a 45-37 win over Michigan State in Big Ten action at Michigan Stadium.	sports
Three arraigned in \$3 million extortion scheme involving NBA star &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawyer and two ex-convicts remained in jail Wednesday after being arraigned on charges of trying to use a videotape of a fistfight to blackmail Denver Nuggets basketball star Carmelo Anthony for \$3 million.	sports
Green still undecided on Yom Kippur games Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman Shawn Green will definitely sit out at least one game of a weekend series against the San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, but will wait until Thursday to make his final decision.	sports
Zook, Gators Get Involved In Brouhaha With Fraternity Florida football coach Ron Zook, right, couldn #39;t take down Tennessee or LSU this season. But, according to published reports, Zook threatened to  quot;take down quot; a University of Florida fraternity house, where 	sports
McDonnell still spoiling for a fight IN CASE anyone had forgotten, Jim McDonnell, Danny Williamss trainer, stood up at the last pre-bout press conference here on Wednesday and repeated his 	sports
Blair lobbies Bush on global warming Tony Blair has been lobbying for George Bush #39;s support for a new international treaty on global warming. On Thursday The Times claimed that Downing Street had confirmed the prime minister had held  quot;lengthy 	world
Security Council debate Rwanda-Congo The UN Security Council has met to discuss the alleged incursion of Rwandan troops into neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).	world
Israeli Airstrike in Gaza Kills Palestinian An Israeli aircraft has fired a missile at a house in a northern Gaza Strip refugee camp, killing at least one person and wounding three others.	world
PNA lauds diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait A Palestinian National Authority(PNA) senior official said Monday that the PNA welcomed a diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait in a sign that the relations between the two sides were improving.	world
France-China deals awaken Europeans PARIS President Jacques Chirac of France will return from a lavish five-day state visit to China on Tuesday with industrial orders worth more than \$4 billion, a success that is not going unnoticed in neighboring European countries and may intensify 	world
HIV warning for Asia drug users Not enough is being done to prevent the spread of HIV among Asian drug users, researchers say.	world
Court leaves UK terror laws in tatters A scathing judgment from the UK #39;s highest court condemning the UK government #39;s indefinite detention of foreign terror suspects as a threat to the life of the nation, left anti-terrorist laws in the UK in tatters on Thursday.	world
More protests as Ukraine talks end without agreement (AFP) AFP - Opposition supporters in Ukraine continue to block key government buildings, after the first meeting between two presidential rivals ended without agreement and amid opposition threats of "action" if the election dispute is not resolved within days.	world
PM Shujaat tenders resignation, federal cabinet dissolved ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Chaudhry Shujaat has resigned from his office and the federal cabinet has also been dissolved. The national assembly will elect the leader of the house on Friday while the new prime minister will take oath on Saturday.	world
Peru Gunmen Seize Police Station (AP) AP - Gunmen belonging to a nationalist group that seized a police station in remote southern Peru ambushed a police vehicle on Sunday, killing four officers and wounding several more, hospital officials said. One gunman was gravely wounded.	world
Militants attack BSF camp, two dead NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 5: One militant and a jawan were killed and three security personnel injured when ultras made an abortive bid to storm a BSF camp at Sopore in Baramullah district of Jammu and Kashmir in the wee hours on Saturday.	world
EU Treaty Signing Overshadowed by Buttliglione Crisis Tony Blair will tomorrow join other European Union leaders in Rome amid the growing crisis over the appointment of a new Brussels Commission.	world
Cambodian sex workers abducted Armed men abduct more than 80 women from a shelter for rescued sex workers in Cambodia's capital.	world
WHO bid to cut maternal deaths The World Health Organization is spearheading a campaign to reduce the numbers of women who die in childbirth.	world
Reuters Poll: Kerry Trims Bush Lead to 2 Points (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry cut\President Bush's lead to 2 points with just over two weeks to\go before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby\poll released Sunday.	world
Britain's Lewis out of heptathlon (AFP) AFP - Britain's defending Olympic Games heptathlon champion Denise Lewis withdrew from the event after the fifth discipline.	world
