A message from the West this week from U.S. President Bill Clinton congratulated Ukraine on the anniversary , promising to support market reforms and praising Ukraine as a " stabilising factor " in a united Europe .	U.S. ! location ; Bill Clinton ! person ; Ukraine ! location ; Ukraine ! location ; Europe ! location ;
Australian coach Geoff Marsh said he was impressed with the competitiveness of the opposition .	Australian ! mix ; Geoff Marsh ! person ;
Storm kills 11 at Macedonian religious festival .	Macedonian ! mix ;
Saudi Arabia executes Pakistani man .	Saudi Arabia ! location ; Pakistani ! mix ;
-- Singapore Newsroom ( +65 870 3081 )	Singapore Newsroom ! org ;
North Queensland 21 6 0 15 266 593 12	North Queensland ! org ;
She suffers from osteoporosis , a disease that weakens the bones , and has repeatedly flown to Washington for treatment .	Washington ! location ;
Richmond 28.19 ( 187 ) Fitzroy 5 .	Richmond ! org ; Fitzroy ! org ;
LONDON 1996-08-22	LONDON ! location ;
OTTAWA 1996-08-23	OTTAWA ! location ;
2. Khalid Boulami ( Morocco ) 7:31.65	Khalid Boulami ! person ; Morocco ! location ;
( Australia ) 6-2 6-4	Australia ! location ;
About 4000 New Zealander supporters were partying into the early hours of today in the South African capital .	New Zealander ! mix ; South African ! mix ;
Tapie 's lawyer has said he intends to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights in an effort to prevent or delay the loss of his European seat .	Tapie ! person ; European Court of Human Rights ! org ; European ! mix ;
Dutch champions Ajax Amsterdam faltered in their second league match of the season on Saturday losing 2-0 away at Heerenveen .	Dutch ! mix ; Ajax Amsterdam ! org ; Heerenveen ! org ;
Costa Rican officials on Monday had given different names for the couple .	Costa Rican ! mix ;
Jailed Socialist leader Fatos Nano made the first call for change in July , a month after the party 's chief opponents , the conservative Democrats of President Sali Berisha , almost swept the board in a disputed general election .	Fatos Nano ! person ; Democrats ! mix ; Sali Berisha ! person ;
A few years ago , barter deals accounted for up to 25-30 percent of Russian exports because " thousands ( of ) trade companies which popped up preferred barter in the absence of reliable Russian banks and money transfer systems " , Volkova said .	Russian ! mix ; Russian ! mix ; Volkova ! person ;
SOCCER - SUMMARY OF GERMAN FIRST DIVISION MATCH .	GERMAN ! mix ;
Namibia , who drew 0-0 with Botswana in their first leg , won the second leg in Windhoek 6-0 to stretch their unbeaten run to eight matches and continue their remarkable progress on the African soccer stage .	Namibia ! location ; Botswana ! location ; Windhoek ! location ; African ! mix ;
Prime Minister H.D. Deve Gowda 's centre-left government hopes the elections will help restore normality and democratic rule in Jammu and Kashmir , where more than 20,000 people have died in insurgency-related violence since 1990 .	H.D. Deve Gowda ! person ; Jammu ! location ; Kashmir ! location ;
Nepali police said on Friday they arrested a man who allegedly kept a child servant bound in chains so that he would not run away when his employer was out to work .	Nepali ! mix ;
PARIS 1996-08-26	PARIS ! location ;
Aoki , the elder brother of reigning 125cc world champion Haruchika , had a race-long duel with John Kocinski of the United States on a Ducati before taking the chequered flag .	Aoki ! person ; Haruchika ! person ; John Kocinski ! person ; United States ! location ; Ducati ! org ;
between one-third of two-fifths of its annual plan , " said Tamas Erdei , a Budapest-based analyst for ABN-AMRO Hoare Govett .	Tamas Erdei ! person ; Budapest-based ! mix ; ABN-AMRO Hoare Govett ! org ;
In a statement on Wednesday , the Four Nations TV Committee said dates had been set for a competition involving Scotland , Wales , Ireland and France next year .	Four Nations TV Committee ! org ; Scotland ! location ; Wales ! location ; Ireland ! location ; France ! location ;
Benes ( 14-9 ) allowed five hits , walked five and struck out 10 for his 11th win in 12 decisions .	Benes ! person ;
She 's fantastic , " said Nikki Campbell , 28 , who went to the pageant . "	Nikki Campbell ! person ;
2. Noriyuki Haga ( Japan ) Yamaha 38:30.140	Noriyuki Haga ! person ; Japan ! location ; Yamaha ! org ;
STRIKE PRICE 25.00 DEM PREMIUM 10.12 PCT	DEM ! mix ;
Result of the Nunthorpe Stakes , a group one race for two-year-olds and upwards , run over five furlongs ( 1 km ) on Thursday :	Nunthorpe Stakes ! mix ;
Davies said on Tuesday the pilot could soon return to Cuba but U.S. authorities planned to try the hijackers .	Davies ! person ; Cuba ! location ; U.S. ! location ;
Sweden 's OM to open London forest products bourse .	Sweden ! location ; OM ! org ; London ! location ;
LONDON 1996-08-23	LONDON ! location ;
The anti-drug message is a theme Dole feels has strong voter appeal .	Dole ! person ;
The SPLA has fought Khartoum 's government forces in the south since 1983 for greater autonomy or independence of the mainly Christian and animist region from the Moslem , Arabised north .	SPLA ! org ; Khartoum ! location ; Christian ! mix ; Moslem ! mix ; Arabised north ! location ;
Leeds v Wimbledon	Leeds ! org ; Wimbledon ! org ;
USDA pegged U.S. wheat exports at 25.0 million tonnes in fiscal 1997 versus 32.0 million tonnes the prior year ...	USDA ! org ; U.S. ! location ;
" A preview of the second half of 1996 does not reveal any signs of a significant improvement in market conditions , " Lenzing said in a statement released ahead of its earnings conference .	Lenzing ! org ;
NEW YORK 1996-08-28	NEW YORK ! location ;
Mark Woodforde ( Australia ) vs. Mark Philippoussis ( Australia )	Mark Woodforde ! person ; Australia ! location ; Mark Philippoussis ! person ; Australia ! location ;
AUSTRALIAN RULES-AFL RESULTS AND STANDINGS .	AUSTRALIAN RULES-AFL ! mix ;
8. Gianluca Corini ( Italy ) Aki same time	Gianluca Corini ! person ; Italy ! location ; Aki ! person ;
Mark Mouland	Mark Mouland ! person ;
Senate intelligence chairman in Saudi bomb probe .	Senate ! org ; Saudi ! mix ;
CAIRO 1996-08-25	CAIRO ! location ;
Groningen 1 ( Gorre 7th ) .	Groningen ! org ; Gorre ! person ;
The former dictator , who ruled from 1971 to 1973 , was best known for allowing Juan Domingo Peron , Argentina 's famed populist leader , to return to Argentina after 17 years of forced exile .	Juan Domingo Peron ! person ; Argentina ! location ; Argentina ! location ;
PRETORIA 1996-08-27	PRETORIA ! location ;
In the night 's only other match , Hamburg beat Hansa Rostock 1-0 , Karsten Baeron scoring the winner after some dazzling build-up from in-form midfielder Harald Spoerl .	Hamburg ! org ; Hansa Rostock ! org ; Karsten Baeron ! person ; Harald Spoerl ! person ;
SOCCER - RUSSIAN PREMIER DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS .	RUSSIAN ! mix ;
NEW YORK	NEW YORK ! location ;
The Russians , who said they overpowered the guards -- two armed with Kalashnikov automatic rifles -- while doing regular maintenance work on their Ilyushin 76 cargo plane last Friday , left the UAE capital Abu Dhabi for home on Sunday .	Russians ! mix ; Kalashnikov ! mix ; Ilyushin 76 ! mix ; UAE ! location ; Abu Dhabi ! location ;
Revenue from other services ( Dm million ) 14 down 26 pct	Dm ! mix ;
CHICAGO 70 64 .522 10	CHICAGO ! org ;
TENNIS - RESULTS AT CANADIAN OPEN .	CANADIAN OPEN ! mix ;
Hong Kong police regularly catch hundreds of illegal immigrants and people who have overstayed their visas from mainland China and send them back .	Hong Kong ! location ; China ! location ;
Motherwell 3 1 2 0 6 3 5	Motherwell ! org ;
Former prime minister Begum Khaleda Zia , now the opposition leader in parliament and head of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) , said her followers might boycott assemby sessions chaired by the " partisan " speaker .	Begum Khaleda Zia ! person ; Bangladesh Nationalist Party ! org ; BNP ! org ;
Thai poll shows military wants PM Banharn out .	Thai ! mix ; Banharn ! person ;
Canberra 30 Auckland 6	Canberra ! org ; Auckland ! org ;
COLORADO 65 62 .512 4	COLORADO ! org ;
BEIJING 1996-08-27	BEIJING ! location ;
Caen 4 0 2 2 2 6 2	Caen ! org ;
