micrososft word no type?  I guess you want to use microsoft word without typing.\ngo to http://www.download.com and try search for speech recognition\nI bet you could try out a few free software of that sort	computers and internet
task manager question? how can i find out what all the abbreviations stand for on the programs running in the task manager? This should answer all your questions...	computers and internet
How do I delete ALL cookies from Windows XP?  On your browser menu select TOOLS, the select INTERNET OPTIONS, on the window that opens then (general tab) select DELETE COOKIES	computers and internet
What do you guys think of the new nvidia 1GB video card?  1 GB of VRam!! dats less compared to the ATi Radeon X1900XTX which has 2 GB of GDDR3 RAM!! and a 48 million pixel pipelines	computers and internet
With iTunes at full volume and the main computer volume at 50%, how many decibels is that in my headphones? My computer is a MacBook Pro with the Mac OS X operating system, so it has Intel High Definition Audio. I'm using the regular Apple iBud headphones. I'm trying to find out what the precise decibel level is when I'm listening to music in my headphones with iTunes at full volume and the computer output volume at exactly 50%. It's loud enough to entirely drown out ambient noise. Is this dangerous? It is not possible to know what the decibel level is unless you test it.\n\nWhen you listen to headphones at sufficient volume to drown out ambient noise, you are certainly damaging your hearing.  Whether this is dangerous, is for you to decide.	computers and internet
what is port channel on cisco eqpt?  Most cisco equipment is controlled via telnet. Telnet runs on port 23.	computers and internet
having problems with virus in pc,want to download a free scan,and repair. No purchases reuired at all!? i downloaded a site which i thought was safe,and at time had switched off my norton security sysyem. i now have this porn site which pops up as soon as i open the browser,and get message"page cannot be displayed". This also happens when i try to open otther sites,and i have tried many ways to remedy this by trying to access a site that will scan and repair my system for free. I may be being naive? but every site i have visited for "free",ends the same way! the scan is free,but to get rid of the virus,i have to register,and purchase the item. If this is how its done? would welcome any recomendations for a product that i can purchase from my PC store. Many thanks if u can help. Microsoft have two free online scanners that look for malware.\nhttp://safety.live.com/site/en-US/default.htm\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/security/malwareremove/default.mspx\nYou can also download Microsofts free Windows Defender from the official Microsoft site.\nThe Windows firewall doesn't stop malware on your pc from dialling out. Either of these firewalls are free for personal use and stop unwanted incoming and outgoing traffic. You choose which programs are \nallowed to access the internet. They are both fairly easy to use and updated regularly.\nhttp://www.zonelabs.com Zone Alarm firewall\nhttp://www.kerio.com Kerio firewall\n\nWinpatrol is a handy utility that tracks cookies on your pc and stops unwanted changes to your startup folder.\nhttp://www.winpatrol.com\n\nSpywareblaster works with Internet Explorer. It won't uninstall spyware that is already on your pc, but it will prevent hijacks and other malicious changes to \nI.E.\nhttp://www.javacoolsoftware.com/spywareblaster.html\n\nThe best antispyware is Spyware Doctor \nhttp://www.pctools.com  The free version will give you the file name and location so you can get help removing them without having to pay.\n\n\nhttp://www.ewido.net Ewido anti trojan\n\nAd-Aware SE Personal anti adware\nhttp://www.lavasoft.de/software/adaware/\n\nSpybot Search and Destroy anti spyware\nhttp://www.safer-networking.org/en/index.html\n\nhttp://www.grisoft.com AVG Antivirus\nhttp://www.avast.com Avast Antivirus\n\nhttp://www.ccleaner.com Cr*pcleaner Registry cleaner and privacy tool\n\nRemember to update and run all of you anti malware programs at least once a week.\n\nand REMEMBER - the reason they use porn is to try to make you too embarassed to get it removed professionally, and NEVER switch off your firewall or security software as long as you are on the net!	computers and internet
what do you tell someone that ur chatting to in a chat room and....? they want your phone number--but htere is no way in the world your giving it out??? Say that, "There's no way in the world I'm giving it out!" Add a smiley face emoticon or a LOL for good measure.	computers and internet
Can a magnet ruin my laptop or my computer screen?  short answers\nlaptop screen - no, not at all - impossible\ndesktop (CRT) ruin? discolor, yes.\nand permanently. (unless you have a degaussing coil)\nhard disk....if it touches the platters ya, but not outside the casing unless it's a supermagnet.\nps, ignore Xeon's paste, it's from a website and has no relevance.\nI challenge anyone to prove me wrong	computers and internet
What brand of laptops is the best to buy as a college student? Im going off to college in les than a year. I was wondering if either an HP, dell, or gateway will do me good. also when should be the right time to buy it, before the back to school rush or after the holidays when things are at clearance prices. please give me some heads up. thanks! Dell is decent but if you want something that is going to last a long time and work well, go for HP. It is cutting edge and it works really well. There are lots of great free upgrades too.	computers and internet
face recognition? Can anyone tell me what website it is where you can have your picture scanned and it will compare you to a celebrity? celebrityscan.org	computers and internet
What is the best thing to use to clean a monitor screen?  Try using an soft clesn dry towel.  But before you use it be sure to shake it off.  (the little pieces of fuzz might stick, if that doesn't work try dampening the towel just a little bit NOT TOO MUCH).\n                             if you need more help just ask another question and I'll try to answer it!   Thanks,\n                                          See Ya later!	computers and internet
How do I rip and burn a DVD that i have made?  Get Nero DVD burning software. It has both options.	computers and internet
can someone please make this question make sense!? - just dont understand what it is trying to say... i dont need a defenition of how to do it just make the question make more sense please. (althougth an answer to the question would be good lol :p)\n\n"explain how you would secure your wireless network incorporating the disablement of service set identifier (SSID), WEP, and mac address filtering" god i have no idea at all but thanks for the 2 points	computers and internet
how do i view the contents of an extended drive in win xp? drive name is * \nprimary Go to start, my computer, then click on the drive you want to view.	computers and internet
Were can i download a copy of microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint, etc,? The microsoft web site is just offering updates. i need the actuall copies You can't you have to buy it.	computers and internet
which is the best F1 race ever? and why?  Perhaps not the best F1 race ever, but one of my favourites is the 1993 European Grand Prix at Donington. It was a `wet' race and Ayrton Senna started from fourth on the grid but quickly got to the front and went on to win the race.\nThere was a bit of an anomaly with the fastest lap. Because of the track layout, it was a bit shorter going through pit lane and on the 57th lap, Senna came in for a pit stop, but the McLaren team wasn't ready, so he continued on and back onto the track (there was no pit speed limit at that time) and his time of 1:18.029 turned out to be the fastest lap of the race.\nThe Donington facilities weren't the best I've been to (the media centre was in a tent, but my laptop, connected to British Telecom, worked perfectly) and I had a lot of mud to scrape off my boots, but the race was enjoyable.\nAlso the 1989 Brazilian Grand Prix, not because Nigel Mansell won the race, but because I saw the great Juan Manual Fangio drive some exhibition laps around the Jacarapagua circuit in one of his old F1 cars.	sports
is there a Kyusho Jitsu place i can go in ok,tulsa,broken arrow? im wanting to learn it so bad and i need 2 know were 1 is so if u know plz tell me lol there are a few around where i live... in independence missoure the guy who brought it 2 the us lives... retired i bet... u can take it in topeka k.s. and u can learn it and any ryu-te karate(or ryukyu kempo) place along with tuite jutsu the 2 things that make ryu te totally diffrent than all other karates.... good stuff.... u can rean kyuso online by its self off the oficial website... 4 a price... but scince its a independant study..... i cant say youll get quality	sports
does everyone  in liverpool support liverpool football team?  no some are sad and support everton or tranmere or even worst still man utd.	sports
including endorsements, how much money (in us dollars) does david beckham make in one year?  too much	sports
What are all the rules of Cricket and what is an over?  The basic rules of cricket such as bat and ball, the wicket, pitch dimensions, overs, how out, etc. have existed since time immemorial. In 1727, we first hear of "Articles of Agreement" to determine the code of practice in a particular game and this became a common feature, especially around payment of stake money and distributing the winnings given the importance of gambling. In 1744, the Laws of Cricket were codified for the first time and then amended in 1774, when innovations such as lbw, middle stump and maximum bat width were added. These law stated that 'the principals shall choose from amongst the gentleman present two umpires who shall absolutely decide all disputes.' The codes were drawn up by the so-called "Star and Garter Club" whose members ultimately founded MCC at Lord's in 1787. MCC immediately became the custodian of the Laws and has made periodic revisions and recodifications subsequently.\n\n\nIn 1889 the immemorial four ball over was replaced by a five ball over and then this was changed to the current six balls an over in 1900. Subsequently, some countries experimented with eight balls an over. In 1922, the number of balls per over was changed from six to eight in Australia only. In 1924 the eight ball over was extended to New Zealand and in 1937 to South Africa. In England, the eight ball over was adopted experimentally for the 1939 season; the intention was to continue the experiment in 1940, but first-class cricket was suspended for the Second World War and when it resumed, English cricket reverted to the six ball over. The 1947 Laws of Cricket allowed six or eight balls depending on the conditions of play. Since the 1979/80 Australian and New Zealand seasons, the six ball over has been used worldwide and the most recent version of the Laws in 2000 only permits six ball overs.	sports
Who will win the Patriots and Colts game this weekend and why?  Colts will win by 6.  Patriots are going to try and run the ball against the Colts just like every other team this year, with Reagor back the run defense should be much improved and again I believe it will come down to who has the ball last.  I think the Colts get an unanswered score to win the game 27-21 with a missed extra point.	sports
are minnows used for fishing turn into Carp?  Mister is right.  Species can't change or morph in one life cycle.  Baby Carp = Big Carp.  Most minnows are called shiners or shad, and are usually a type of bass.	sports
What are the odds for the teams in the World Cup to win the competition?  All teams have equal chances, but it all depends on the readiness and the concentration of the players of each team. But this will only be resolved when the clear squads are given to the public..	sports
Is there a particular reason why you pull for your favorite team in the NHL? For me its mainly because i live in North Carolina. And the canes are in north carolina. Plus the first game i went to it was carolina vs new jersey. It's for the same reason that I pull for Philly teams but it isn't with the same level of loyalty to all the teams. Win or lose, I am a Flyers and Eagles fan. If the Phillies and Sixers ever decide to run their organizations like professional ones and have a plan that includes a championship, then I'll jump on their bandwagon. So, for now, it's Flyers, Eagles, Athletics, Spurs.	sports
do you think that the Texans shoulda picked Reggie Bush instead of Mario Williams?  Absolutely.  Nothing against Mario Williams as he was the best available defensive player.  The Texans needed a spark on offense.  Reggie Bush was a multidimensional weapon that would have caused havoc for defensive coordinators.  He would have also taken some of the pressure off of Carr.	sports
If you were a gun what kind of gun would you be? I would be a M4 carbine with a supressor and scope I would be a 1928 Thompson tommy gun with a fifty round drum ,fully atomatic.	sports
sprained ankle? i have a very minor sprained ankle, how long shou;ld i wait before i start playing sports, excercising(weights), and doing plyometrics again A week to 2 weeks.  I just sprained mine 2 weeks ago and my doctor cleared me.  As long as you ice and elevate it and rest you should be good to go.	sports
How would my 14 year Grandson  progress to a Golf Scolarship?  Obviously training and tons of practice.  And go to a high school with a golf team, join it, and let the coach know, he will try to help him if he is any good...	sports
We have an old fashion stainless steel slide.  What can we do to make it faster?  Pam.	sports
which team will win in fifa 2006 world cup to be held in Germany? give quickly hey guys its Germany ya	sports
who (team) will win the soccer world cup and why? Best players , Tradition, place, etc. brazil\nthey have great players in every position specialy attacking players\nthey also having a great coach	sports
What is better a hot stone massage or a swedish massage?  hot stone massage by far! it feels so good. and since it weighs u down a little it feels so refreshing when they come off	health
protest a peition to commit a family member to mental institution? need more time it depends on what you mean by "commit".....most states will let a doctor petition a court for a 3 day stay while the person is being evaluated, after that there can be a hearing on keeping that person in for much longer, at that point, you can address the court.\n\nHope this helps	health
why do people think is okay to be obese?  It is probably what they have lived with their whole life and think that it is "normal"	health
how to reduce buttocks??  doing squats. Do 5 sets of 3 repitions a day and it will firm your bum. Plus eat a healthy diet.	health
How much does abortion cost??? and how far can i be until i can't get an abortion anymore?  Every clinic charges a different amount. It normally has to be before the 12th week.\nI considered an abortion when I first found out I was pregnant, but decided against it. I now have a beautiful baby girl who I don't think I could live without. Please make your decision very carefully.\n\nOne of my friends sent me this:\n\nMommy, I am only 8 inches long, but I have all my organs. I love the sound of your voice. Every time I hear it, I wave my arms and legs. The sound of your heart beat is my favorite lullaby. \n\n\nMonth Two \nMommy, today I learned how to suck my thumb. If you could see me, you could definitely tell that I am a baby. I'm not big enough to survive outside my home though. It is so nice and warm in here. \n\n\n\nMonth Three \nYou know what Mommy, I'm a boy!! I hope that makes you happy. I always want you to be happy. I don't like it when you cry. You sound so sad. It makes me sad too, and I cry with you even though you can't hear me. \n\n\nMonth Four \nMommy, my hair is starting to grow. It is very short and fine, but I will have a lot of it. I spend a lot of my time exercising. I can turn my head and curl my fingers and toes, and stretch my arms and legs. I am becoming quite good at it too. \n\n\nMonth Five \nYou went to the doctor today. Mommy, he lied to you. He said that I'm not a baby. I am a baby Mommy, your baby. I think and feel. Mommy, what's abortion? \n\n\nMonth Six \nI can hear that doctor again. I don't like him. He seems cold and heartless. Something is intruding my home. The doctor called it a needle. Mommy what is it? It burns! Please make him stop! I can't get away from it! Mommy! HELP me! \n\n\nMonth Seven \nMommy, I am okay. I am in Jesus's arms. He is holding me. He told me about abortion. Why didn't you want me Mommy? \n\n\nEvery Abortion Is Just . . . \n\nOne more heart that was stopped. Two more eyes that will never \nsee. Two more hands that will never touch. Two more legs that will never run. One more mouth that will never speak	health
How can we know about male virginity and how it breaks?  Sorry your question can get no reply because male people just have no virginity, or to precise, they have no organ predisposed for that purpose.\nIn fact, women have the “Hymen” inside the vagina and any intrusion (as well as the penetration during the first sexual act) breaks it unalterably.  \nMen have the penis with no such system and generally, we say that a guy is virgin when he hasn’t have yet a sexual intercourse. Therefore, you can never verify if a guy has already had an intercourse and you have only to trust in what he will tell you!	health
Can anybody do me a favour? TELL YOUR PARENTS OOR SEARCH OOR PLZ TELL ME..HOW TO BE OR GROW TALL............AND IF THE ANSWER IS GROWTH SPURTS DONT BOTHER TELLING ME...IM 14.....AND 1.5 M.......AND I ATLEAST WANT TO GROW A FEW INCHES PLZZ HELP ME....THANX as you said your age is only 14 there is still scope for growth. you contact a good endocrinologist	health
whats your favorite kind of diet? i like to eat 1 apple before every meal so i feel less hungry for other kinds of food Drink lots of water and don't shun carbs, our brain needs them to function! Stick with smart carbs. Stay away from processed foods. Good healthy snacks to keep you going are V-8 juice, lowfat mozzerella sticks and whole wheat pita bread with hummus. That way you feel sustained and don't break down and gorge at meals!\nWhen I cook pasta I make the Barilla Plus, which has 17g protein, 7 g fiber, and 360 mg of Omega 3! Now that is a healthy way to get your pasta. I put veggies in my pasta dishes every chance i get to add some fiber and help fill me up. Bell Peppers are a good choice sliced and mixed in with some chopped chicken breast.\nTry and eat fruits and veggies every chance you can. They are amazingly low in calories and will help fill you up. Good choices are spinach salad, crisp, cold green grapes, and sweet sugar snap peas for snacking on.\nEat lean and low-fat sources of protein at every meal, it should be part of a calorie-controlled diet that's also rich in 'smart carbs' such as fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, along with healthy fats like nuts, seeds, olives, oils, fish, and avocado.\nBe sure to look for protein sources that are nutrient-rich and lower in fat and calories, such as lean meats, beans, soy, and low-fat dairy.\nI think the best diet is the 3 hour diet. \nThe problem with other diets is that they require starving your body of needed calories or carbs, things we need to survive and have proper brain function! When we do that, our body goes into survival mode and doesn't want to burn fat like we want it to! They cause you to lose lean muscle tissue and lean muscle is your metabolism, your resting metabolism.\nIt is well known that high levels of cortisol hormone (which is produced when we cut too many calories & put our body under stress) are closely associated to abdominal fat. Medical research has shown that eating every three hours helps reduce levels of cortisol and that is the key to losing belly fat first.\nBy eating every three hours you lower belly fat, you burn two pounds a week and you prevent muscle loss, which keeps your metabolism active. Then you constantly reset the metabolism so you're constantly burning fat. That's the beauty of what it does, and because there are no bad foods, it brings back the joy of eating.\nThat is what I try to do and recently I learned that there is actually a Yale University endorsed 3-Hour Diet™!\nI could explain how it works, but I'll let the experts do the talking.\nGood Luck!\n\nMango\n\n"The Yale University endorsed 3-Hour Diet™ is about uncovering the buried concept of timing – the fact that when you eat is critical to weight loss. By eating every three hours you’ll constantly set in motion your metabolism™ and lose two pounds a week starting with belly fat first. And you will never have to count calories or ban any foods including carbs.\n\nSo how does the 3-Hour Diet™ work exactly? The answer is found in what we call: Time Based Nutrition™. It’s the future of effective nutrition. Think of it as a new category of nutrition. Forget low-fat or low-carb. It’s the power of combining smart eating with smart timing. Yes, timing. You see, the secret to losing weight and keeping it off has to do with much more than what you eat.\n\nWhy every 3-hours? Countless numbers of research studies have confirmed the power of eating every three hours. What specifically happens if you wait more than 3 hours to eat? Well, after 3 hours your body passes a tipping point and signals your body to launch its natural “starvation protection mechanism” or your SPM. When your SPM is switched on, your body preserves the most calorie-rich tissue in the body to ensure your survival. That tissue is body fat. But there’s even more bad news. This is the most critical point you must never forget about the 3-Hour Diet™: Anytime you allow more than 3 hours to pass without eating, your body not only preserves body fat, but wors	health
on the today tonight program a few months ago there was a story about fruit drink witch fights cancer thanks?  pom juice.  i seen it on oprah  its from the pomagrante(spelling wrong i'm sure) fruit	health
Is there any REAL information on necrophobia online? I am looking for medical information about necrophobia. all i find online is deffinitions and horror films. web	health
Memory Loss/Side Effect? Do the shorter acting tranquilizers (Ativan, Xanax, etc) cause more memory problems as side effect than Valium? Yes they do cause these side effects plus more. All Allopathic Medicines have side effects and all can cause complications. I would suggest that you visit a Good Homeopathic Physician near you for the cure of your sleeping disorder or depression and you will get better faster and totally without any side effects or complications.\nTake Care and God Bless you	health
i had a baby a year ago but i cant get the baby fat off i keep gaining more weight instead of losing it?  	health
My gf is horny!!? What shall i do? have sex with her or if u don't have  a dick go buy a dildo	health
What is the best option for dandruff? Heard about ketoconazole.? Dandruff, what is the remedy for it. My dandruff was caused by an oily scalp.  Special shampoos didn't seem to help, but daily hair washing does.  Most people can't do that, but I can, and must.  If however you can't or don't want to do that, try washing your hair 2-3 times.  The second (or 3rd) time, use very little shampoo.  This should still produce lots of lather.  And if it doesn't, shampoo again.  I start to get flakes again if I don't wash often enough.	health
What is the best, easiet and fastest way to lose weight keeping your body in good shape?  eat less exercize more	health
Why Am I so mean? I am just a mean selfish person, and I am not a good friend.\n  Sometimes I just don't think I belong in this world.\n  Everyone hates me and no one likes me because I am a stupid, selfish lieing brat!!! Why are you so down on  yourself?\nBeing mean to you isn't good either.\nEveryone has something about them that's good. Find that thing about yourself and go make some friends.	health
what am i?  A question.	business
Where can I find fun dressup games? I want to know where can I find fun and exiciting dressup games like, in person, or dressing up a ''model'' online?\nif you are looking for a model online, www.gurl.com has an ok dress up thing. otherwise, no idea	business
Is a settlement from a personal injury lawsuit taxable?  The part of your settlement that is for lost wages or anticipated lost wages is taxable.	business
SOLID SUGAR in powder form produced from sugar cane  give more about this?  Umm yeah and if you refine it further and add cornstarch it becomes "powdered sugar"	business
how to find the price of standing timber on my farm so as to not get cheated?  Go to the different saw millers ask from various type of wood and catch up the amount then you can invite the knowledge of who had engaging in this business matter.	business
how do i contact dr vijay mallya? i need his email id or his phone number. i would like to work for him on his yacht. Try searching on g2bay. Here you can find contact details of people from different fields.	business
bad credit? omg i have bad credit - but a friend of mind  to me i can restore my\ncredit by sending a letter to all the collection agengy and disprute it - i think thats what he said - but is that true? can some one help me \n\nbad credit in cali if you didn't do the debt than yeah but if you did do the debt than you are liable. If they find out that you were liable and you did that you will be in trouble	business
any one know several methods of analysing risk and uncertainty of a project? when deciding to go ahead with one project rather than another after calculating NPV For risky variables that you have estimated or made assumptions about in calculating the NPV, develop probability distributions of the values they can take on. These can be continuous or discrete. Then use software such as @RISK, which undertakes monte carlo simulations to develop a probability distribution for the NPV. This will give you the expected value for NPV and variance.\n\nWhen choosing between projects, it is usually best to pick the one with the higher NPV regardless of variance. High variance may not be undesirable. It depends on the context - how much of the risk is diversified away by other investments and the presence of systematic (undiversifiable) risk.	business
Is there anyone besides me that loves Felix the Cat? That was my favorite cartoon. No one I kow shares my fondness for the happy black cat. nobody likes that stupid cat, and i dont like what u wrote to me, because first of all, no where in my question did i saay i wantted to be on my own. i want to move with my sister because i moved from one city to another and the classes here arent the same , and im not getting credit for anything ive done this year. but my mom wont let me live with my sister. so next time u should fucking think about why i asked that question, instead of talking shit about the dumb ass friends i have, and want to be a grown up, ive got to much shit already, i dont need bills. u give bad advice, dont answer no more questions. especially mine.	business
Why do some people on here just ask stupid questions? Why is it people ask questions that are hard to understand and give us no details? I like this site, and would like to see it succeed - but with some of the questions I have seen, I have my doubts!!! Well I guess you could look at it this way,.... It takes all sorts to make up the world, So it would take all sorts to make up this site too... Even stupid ones	business
How do you handle a MEAN boss? I mean, someone who is on you like white on rice and you cant please him/her at all. just keep smiling dont let him get to you, be polite and nice until you can find another job	business
how do i change my name on my yahoo messenger that comes up when i send messages?  Just Give a NICKNAME in yourr profile .	business
When buying a property, is it cheaper to pay for a survey by a surveyor recommended by yur mortgage lender? or would you save money by arranging for one to be carried out by a surveyor advertising on the internet?  I just want a home buyers report, not an in-depth survey. the mortgage company will insist on using their own anyway	business
Who thinks that the end of the world is soon?  It could be at any moment. So put your fighting gear on because right now we are still in battle with evil. Get close to God. Ask Him to forgive your sins, and ask him into your life and your heart. If you do this, you will see the miracles God does, and you won't have to worry about the time getting closer. You will be waiting happily for that time to come.	business
Is backyard wrestling dangerous?  yes its dangerous, it can be less dangerous though if you have had prior wrestling experience so that you will know how to fall and land and have the right techniques when you are doing some of the moves	business
should i go out with brandon? he doesnt got to college and doesnt have a car but he is really sweet. sure.........why not	business
What is more sensitive.. nitroglycerin or acetone peroxide?? I mean all kinds of sensivity, shock, heat, light and friction.. Ok, thats a bit silly given that nitroglycerine is a liquid, and not really effected by friction.  In everything I've read, acetone peroxide is far more sensitive to any sort of shock than nitroglycerine.  Read about these in the battlefield chemistry sites.	science
Circle Equations? Find an equation of the circle that satisfies the given conditions:\n\nCenter (-1,5); passes through (-4,-6) Circle equations take the form of (x-h)^2+(y-k)^2=r^2, where the center of the circle is at (h,k) and r is the radius.  \nBecause the information tells you where the center of the circle is, you can plug that back into the equation: \n(x-(-1)^2+(y-5)^2=r^2,\nwhich simplifies to (x+1)^2+(y-5)^2=r^2.  \nNow you can plug the into the equation the other point that is given.  \n(-4+1)^2+(-6-5)^2=r^2\nYou can evaluate this to get 130=r^2.  Plug this back into your equation (x-h)^2+(y-k)^2=r^2 to get\n(x+1)^2+(y-5)^2=130.	science
I am looking for a web site that can give me a view of my town and home from space?  On Google, select Maps.  Then type in your town and state.  It will give you a map.  You can select either "Map", "Satellite" or "Hybrid".\n\nFor additional coolness, you can download free software from them called Google Earth.\n\nYou can also get satellite photos on terraserver.\n\nSee links below.	science
What are the scientific products of sour milk? Doing a science project!!! help!! please and thank-you!!!! :):):) Milk is mostly water. There is a sugar, lactose. Lactose is broken down by bacteria into acid. The acid causes the proteins in milk to curdle, or coagulate or denature. The curd is what cottage cheese is made of. The liquid water with dissolved   vitamins and minerals is called whey. It can be used for an animal feed.	science
How do you find the coordinates of a figure?  You must first of all fix a system of coordinates	science
oh my gosh, lik their was this girl who asked what is 6x+12=24, she is so dull; like the answer is 24!!!?  Pretty slick, RED\n\nYou came on pretending that "someone else" had a problem and even gave out a wrong answer on purpose.  Clever!\n\nI can see through that, you just wanted people to give you the right answer without giving you the whole "Do your own homework" speech.\n\nNice! Score one for you.  Unless, of course, I am giving waaaay too much credit for such an ingenious plan.  In which case, x=2, not 24.	science
How do I shrink a denim jacket down half a size? I'd just try to wash it in hot water but that's a tricky thing 'cause i don't want to shrink it too much. It sounds like a silly question but the size before the one I got was a tad tight...I want the jacket to be fitted and right now, it's loose...hmmm:&#92; Heat does not shrink clothing.  Drying it in a dryer will temporarily shrink it from the tumbling action, but heat doesn't do it.\n\nLook up heat shrink clothes or something like that on yahoo and you will see what I mean.	science
can i smash my kidney stones using nano technology instead of urithroscopy?  Not at the moment. Passive nanotech won't help you after the stone is formed, and active nanodevices are still years of development away. \nActually, I doubt that it will be a good idea: nanodevices are poorly equipped for dealing with solid, macroscopic stone. Also, nanodevices may provide *more* centers of crystallization.	science
Why are direct flights from South Africa to Australia quicker than the other way around? Is it only the wind that influence this or are there other factors The earth turns from east to west. So when a plane flies from South Africa to Australia (or from any place to the east) the earth turning is against the direction of the plane which makes the distance decrease and so the time. and it is vice versa for the other way, the plane flies from Australia to South Africa, and the earth turns and moves South Africa in the direction of the plane so it becomes nearer and will take less time to reach.	science
how does water help create features of karst topography?  chemical erosion (dissolving elements from the rocks) deepen the cracks between the rocks creating the pavement effect	science
UFO'S what are they ? Secret advanced earth bound experimental craft? Or visitors from another Galaxy?\nHave a look at this I peronally think it's the best ever video taken of a UFO \nWhat do you think?\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtKuBKIaVvs&mode=related&search= First of all take into account that nothing is impossible ;on the other hand do you think we are the sole inhabited planet in so many Universes ? When there are millions of...Galaxies, contain ing millions of Stars and 5llions of Planets, why, some of them do\ncontain a logical life form....! And why shouldn't have been advan ced in a way to minimize distances and exceeding our civilization\n ???\n Do you think US Pentagon hasn't caught some of them,studied them and...manufactured replicas ? Do you think they'd come out\nrevealing people about their break through??????????\n Why not being tolerant and accepting-even-the-theoretically--im possible????\n (we'll all feel much better!)\n Ciao.......John-John.	science
where does a violet come from originally? m v Violet is a constituent of White Light\nThe Refraction of Light and Dispersion of lIght is in the pattern of VIBGYROR (V for Violet)	science
Can categorical variables like 'sex' have Confidence Intervals ??  You can't have an interval, like Male +/- (What?).  You can have a confidence, like 75% probability that respondant is male.	science
why and how men stay without shirt while women cannot?  Woman have organs on their chest's- large glands, the mammory glands that produce milk when they have a baby. These are the breasts (Slang: Knockers, T!ts, Boobs, Rack). The breasts are considered to be a private part on women, and I am not sure precisely why. By law, your private parts must be covered in public to avoid legal prosecution under indecent exposure laws. Mens breasts, which are much smaller and do not produce milk, are not considered private, so men are permitted so be seen without a shirt.	science
Who discovered the double helical model of DNA??  Watson and Crick got the credit, but Rosalind Franklin was actually the person who made the discovery.\n\nFranklin was a very meticulous researcher, and she suspected the structure was a double helix. Franklin's research advisor apparently wasn't keen on women in the lab, and showed some of Franklin's best data to Francis Crick without Franklin's knowledge or permission. It's not clear that Watson and Crick would have correctly predicted the double helix without Franklin's data.\n\nSadly, Franklin died of cancer before the Nobel prize was awarded to Watson and Crick. Had she lived, it's extremely likely she would have shared the prize.	science
Please predict microbial growth under the following conditions...? cold dishwater, left for one night.\nday old coffee, sat at STP one day. Hmmm... judging by your interest in cleaning products and dishwashing detergents, I'm guessing you're in that industry or just a student looking for some answers for a project.\n\n-Insufficient data - \nAre you referring to dishwater in a more sterile kitchen or a dirty restaurant?  Is the piping clean or are we talking rusty piping?  Filtered water or non filtered water? Hmmm... so, at STP you want to figure out this. \n\nHere's what you would need.  First figure out the type of microbes that would typically exist in your sink.  Or if you don't have one, get some kind of bacteria.  Take the whole thing, perform your experiment.  Take some water samples.  Finally, send the water samples to a lab immediately for a count.  You could get a concentration of microbes per given volume.  My advice -- it's all I can do.	science
Have you heard Buckcherry's new song, "Crazy Bi*ch"? This song is definitly one that will stick with you and you can't help but like.  Even if some of the lyrics are a little trashy.   You've gotta hear it!!  If you have, what do you think of it? how can truth be trashy..lol..i love buckcherry..and i know alot of ex's that have gotten requests played on their behalf..lol..they wrote that tune for all us males(RIGHT)..the song .NEXT 2 YOU..by them is also a great song.	entertainment and Music
Is anyone else offended by the Flight93 movie? If yes why, if no, why not.?  I am neither offended, or applauding it.\n\nI don't really see how they have that much factual information already to create a movie, though.	entertainment and Music
boy band lead singer? named Nicky Perhaps  you are asking for 98 Degrees' lead singer Nick Lachey?????	entertainment and Music
celebrities need a friend??? poor sods, with all the bad press, stories about love dilemas or drug/acohol abuse who would you give a helping hand to and help get their life back on track. Since our society has got rid of God, we have turned these people into icons and are encouraged to worship them by the tabloids etc...It's far better to have it like that though because the media can create them, use them to sell goods by advertising with them, and destroy them, shifting loads of newspapers in the process.\n\nThey enjoy their few days of fame and languish in the spotlight, sure it gives them loads of money and attention, but look at the cost and ask yourself, \n\nWhat is it about someone that wants everyone to know them?  \n\nMaybe they are a bit lacking in the first place.	entertainment and Music
how do you creat your own videos.?  Since you put on Animation and Comic section, I think you are talking about how to make an animation... Well there is many diffrent ways, I only know about Adobe Director. This is great software to make an animation. However, Software's price is really expensive.	entertainment and Music
Deliverance is an odd movie.  Did you watch it? The squeal like a pig scene is pretty disturbing, but it was the panicked reaction to killing the miscreant that seemed out of place.\n\nI mean, killing those miscreants was the right thing to do, so why so upset about it? in that particular moment, I dont believe tha they were upset for killing those men because they were in fear for their lives.  I think at that moment fear had basically taken over all emotions at the time since one man was just as scared as the other.  Burt Reynolds saved their hides in that scene and the acting performance done by Jon Voight, Ned Beatty, and even the two hillbillies was in my opinion why it won the Academy Award for best picture.  I assure you, go back and watch that part again and you will notice it more each time you watch it, they are crying because of the fear that was bottled up and the fact that they believed they were going to die.  Excellent movie the only thing I didnt like about it was it gave banjo players like me a bad stereotype.  I have all my teeth by the way.	entertainment and Music
Cupid's Chokehold? I thought this song was called "Cupid's Chokehold" by, gym class heroes. But I cant find it on iTunes. So if anyone could give my the real name and artist that would be great. That is the right name.  Give me your email, I'll email you the song. I have it.\n\nSWTDL11552@yahoo.com	entertainment and Music
Ladies...do you like it when men open doors for you?  Yes, absolutely.	entertainment and Music
Which Meg Cabot book do you like the most?  I always love the guy next door.	entertainment and Music
is nicole coco austin a pornstar? wife of ice-t who cares?	entertainment and Music
Smashed Gladys? Anyone out there got a CD copy or MP3 copy of "Social Intercourse"? And if so, how do I get one over here in the UK? In 9 hours not one solitary person has answered this question.  That's just sad.  Go here, there's a poop load of them for sale...and some even ship to the UK.\n\nhttp://search.ebay.com/smashed-gladys_W0QQfkrZ1QQfnuZ1	entertainment and Music
exactly how many  maximum movies can you get from Netflix in one week?  Go to their web site www.netflix.com and look at the types of plans you can get.  I love netflix.	entertainment and Music
just read this follow facts, it's good? did u know:\n\n- that the only animal that has a gold in its body is the girafee under its eyelid.\n\n\n- that no twins had been born in australia for 40 years.\n\n\n- that all the people who live in Osaca (in japan) was born in the daylight no one at night for 70 years.\n\n\n- that holland's flag was designed by the brazillian player Junior.\n\n\n\n- that india does not have salt in it and take it from the sea.\n\n\n\n- that the blood of wolves are a basic contents of Lipton tea. \n\nSource(s):\n\n\n\n\ndid u know that all the above is Bullshit!\ncomon u believed it. GOTCHA!! hahahahahaha, really it's funny, hahahahahah.	entertainment and Music
does anbody else fancy david tennant? Doctor Who man,Geeky or sexy?? I fancy him with chocolate spread on ;-) You can throw in Billie too, she's a fox :-D	entertainment and Music
A DJ's responsibility? This morning I was listening to a radio (in California) and a young DJ ask the question......."who won as the Governer of the United States" I thought he was joking but he was serious.....he thought Arnold Swatznegger was the Governer for the entire united states, and that the mayor of LA county was the mayor for New York, Chicago etc........He was informed on air how it works.......\n\nHe then went on to say he doesnt know the system because he cant vote because hes a convicted felon, he just found out last week in front of Albertson's grocery store.......\n\nShould there be a level of responsibility for radio personalities, so we dont give the wrong message to the youth listening ? well dont worry about what the youth are going to hear on the radio. its not like they listen to it that much in reality. as compared to the lyrics they have on the ablums they are buying...  and the new age cartoons designed for mature audiences.. which does not mean that their 3 yrs old little brother is not watching at the same time his older bros' and sisters are, why not its a cartoon in fact.... and they have some weird stuff on tv... really weird. people putting gerbils in ungodly cavity's- kids batting off with condoms on... what about south park ?  do you know that the CIA own fox tv.... lol... that all profit made from coca cola , KFC and mac donalds go back to isreal to buy weapons... many more brands than this...   the real problem is that we are slowly being programmed to be immune to the crap that is on tv.. remember in the 60's how psycho would of made you poop ya pants... but now......... you be thinking quick change the channel .. that is some boring crap....  so it gets back to being decensortised? if thats how you spell it... lol....  its the new age society the governments are breeding and they are now starting with the youth of today who will be the adults of tomorrow..  when you think you are paying too much taxs... your health system is being a shambles.. and you hear of the middle east what a horror it is... remember this one point.. Dubai.. has 1% interest.... crime rate is 0 ... and its one of the cleanest cities in the world.... and more over populated becasue of the influx of the immigrants who flock to it becasue of the higher paying wages. and why is everything so cheap over there... seems to me.... our governments in the west are dictating to much ideals..... that they want us to follow.. to make them more powerful and take our own rights away from us....  and put crap on all the other countries who are less.. i will have to even say.. that indonesia (bali) is abotu 6 times cheaper than australia for the same name brand items...  and why .... again because our society is riping us off.... and it all starts with the chocolates that are packed low at the counter at the supermarket right at kids eye levels..... the media...... and you.. because you have choices..... and you choose...... your own way of life... you can say no........ just do it...  actually nike is one of them company;s that support isreal also...	entertainment and Music
what jubilee would 40th year be? and what material?  hi! see this page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1966\nhere you can find almost anything what you want to know about 1966 (40 years ago)\nhave a nice day :)\nbye	entertainment and Music
we're required to make a speech about ourselves and i dont know how to make a good speech. Will this one do?? Be the best that you can be. Easier said than done? Isn’t it? Good morning classmates, good morning ma’am. I’m vanessa *******o, 17 yrs of age and a true blue davaoenyo. I am the youngest sibling of Mrs. Helen and Mr. Jesus *******o.\n\nBeing the youngest in the family is quite difficult especially when everyone’s counting on you. Nowadays practicality is a must! Probably that’s why I ended up taking nursing rather than taking up what I really wanted. My mom keeps on telling to be the best that I can! But how can I give my best when I really don’t want what I'm doing. I’m not saying that I don’t want to become a nurse. I think being a nurse is a cool job. I’ll be able to take care of my family and other people, and I’ll be able to earn a lot of money for my family. I wanted my family to live life peacefully and prosperously having no problems at all. I want to repay my parents for all their sacrifices they made for us, including to live away from us, away from each other. I’m trying to give my best, to be what they wanted me to be but I guess my best just wasn’t good enough. But hey! Can you blame me?? I’m a teenager; I should enjoy life and have fun. Isn’t I’m being too stubborn, too selfish to think like that? I know that it’s my responsibility not to take my studies for granted. That’s why I never fail, but how come my family’s not contented with what I’ve done and what I’ve accomplished?? Probably because they know that I can do better. I know should never think of only myself. I should never forget that I have a family because if it wasn’t for them I won’t be able to grow like this. I should be greatful to have a family who cares and love me.\n\nI know that I’m not the only person who has the same dilemma about parents, family wanting the best for their children. I know that being the best is easier said than done, but what harm could we get form trying? In ending this speech, I would like to emphasize that our family, wanting the best for us is natural. In that way they can show how much they care and how much they love us. We should all be thankful to have them. There are few gramatical errors --> "I know should never think of only myself" instead use something like " I know I shouldn't  think of only myself " or " I know I should think about others too." There is something missing in the essay. I am not sure what though. I think you need to use more "diffucult" words rather than simple ones. I really love your starting and your ending but the middle needs a little perfection. Right now your essay according to me is 7/10 which is great. But using more "difficult" words yet understandable would really make your essay stand out. I think you should also add why you can't be what you want to be and what's that proffesion that you want to be. Avoid using words such as "cool", they bring the quality of your essay down. And being nurse doesn't mean you don't have problems. Infact, nurses can get in lots of problems, such as people can sue you for stupid stuff. I volunteered in a hospital last summer and they wouldn't let us touch patients AT ALL. We had to call professionals because they could sue us saying that while helping them we caused a bruise or whatever and now they are in terrible pain and blah blah blah but back to your essay. "I’m a teenager; I should enjoy life and have fun. Isn’t I’m being too stubborn, too selfish to think like that?" make this statement more clear im not sure if i am understanding what you are saying but i get the idea.  "I know that it’s my responsibility not to take my studies for granted." It's not your responsibility. You are making it sound like studies is a job or something. Not exactly what your teachers want to hear. Use more like "I know that studies should not be taken for granted" or maybe " my studies are important and serious to me". "because if it wasn’t for them I won’t be able to grow like this." use "because if it wasn’t for them I would not have been the person i am today."  " I should be greatful to have a family who cares and love me." make it sound you are grateful so use "I am grateful to have a family who cares and loves me."	education and reference
other than hungry  &angry name a word ending with  -gry..........................................?  Here's the riddle:  "Angry and hungry are two words that end in '-gry'. There are three words in the English language. What is the third word? Everyone knows what it means and everyone uses it every day. Look closely and I have already given you the third word. What is it?"\n\nAnswer:  Here is the quesiton. "There are three words in the English language.  What is the third word?"  The third word is "language".	education and reference
operations? if janice purchased three 24-ounce c ans of motor oil for $10.80,how much did she pay per ounce? 10.80/(3*24) = 15 cents / ounce	education and reference
does chocolate have lead in it!!?  Chocolate does not have lead in it. The only possible way for it to have lead is if the company who made it somehow accidently spilt lead into the mixture.  But the likelyhood of lead being spilt into chocolate is a million to one.	education and reference
why is an organization formed or established?  Because poeple of similiar beliefs want to work together to further their rights. So any group formed has some basic thing in common that all of the members agree on, that's why they join,	education and reference
how can i increase my height??my height is 5,4 and my age is 18 now what can i do plz help me?  If you smoke, stop. U could be short, because you've been working out when you were young, which somewhat slows down your increase in growth in height.\n\nVitamins would help also. You can never take too much of vitamins, because your body takes what it needs..n throws the rest away.	education and reference
definition of cohort?  A group or band of people.	education and reference
can a teacher refuse to be filmed by principal?  My feeling is that anyone can refuse to be filmed unless it is specified in a contract signed by the person who is to be filmed.	education and reference
which high school is best in Virginia? which high school is best in Virginia?\nI'm really trying to find the websites to    High School in  Virginia for my son . he is 16. I don't know how to get more imformation? thanks you Try www.greatschools.net or www.schoolmatters.com	education and reference
how has land redistribution helped Kenyan agriculture? how has land redistribution helped Kenyan agriculture? It has effectively organized the system.\n\n(I was born in Nairobi)	education and reference
give one simple example that shows the importance of education?  if you are educated u will earn money easily and can understand what is going in the world easily \neducation is light and ignorance is darkness	education and reference
After you have applied to college how long does it usually take for the college to write you back? Does the college write you a letter if you dont get accepted? Most colleges respond in mid to late April, unless they have rolling admissions, in which case you'd hear back in 4-6 weeks as noted above.  Colleges always send letters, whether theyre for acceptance or not.	education and reference
firefighting? fire fighting state test answers You should be ashamed for asking this, better you work hard a earn it. Make me feel better that you did so you are ready to save lives.	education and reference
Why do Des Moines University Medical School grads get stuck in junk residency programs???  b/c the top residency programs are filled with graduates of top medical schools.	education and reference
Question about the admissions into UT Law in Austin? I'm looking into different law schools in my area (which is south Texas) and I've read that it is hard to get into UT Austin. When I looked at the website, I noticed that they list things like "race and ethnicity,"  "history of overcoming eco/socio disadvantages" and "geographic diversity" under factors considered for admission. Does that mean that because I'm a middle class white guy I won't have a good change getting in? My grades, resume....why is it that it's that one aspect the school looks for, that could make or break my future... did you grow up in south east texas?? you do have a point~~!	education and reference
what is the difference between perhaps and may be?  They are interchangeable, but perhaps is more formal than maybe.	education and reference
can you send me some pics of girls  im collecting them and i want to have the biggest collection can you help?  Sure.\n\nGo to this website  :\n\nwww.craigslist.com	family and relationships
Should i forgive her? My ex-girlfriend dumped me after being together for five years .she moved to london got married and got twins . She came to me lately and she wants me back. she's been divorced for 8 years and her children are 18 y/o. should i forgive her? She hasn't changed a bit in 20 years she looks as beautiful as she did before. Ok this kinda situation is not that rare... I can't tell you what to do, you'll have to decide that for yourself.  i would suggest thinking of how bad it hurt when she left.  Then how longit was before she called/ spole with you.  Its the little things in life that lead to the big picture.  Think of the little things in the past that made the relationship stronger and compare them to those that pushed you apart.  Asses the nature of the issues that came between you both.  Finally, know that the world is full of beautiful women, there's one around every turn.  Don't let the fact that they may not always be around blur your vision of what will make YOU happy.  Hope this helps,\nHang in there brotha'\nSean	family and relationships
what are some signs that a girl likes u? answer please smiles at u,tells a friend to ask u stuff,whispers when ur around...i know these thing.i do it all the time	family and relationships
how do u convince your best friend not to have sex? she is going out with a dude and she said she is going to have sex w/ him like tomrow... and i am trying to tell her not to and she keeps on saying oh yeah it is ok and nothing is going to happen, and yeah like i'm going to get a std... and i'm like you could cuz he is 17 while she is 13. please help! You can't - Teens are hard headed, know it alls. \nIf you really want to stop her, tell her mom.\n\nShe CAN get an STD.  She CAN also get Pregnant. \n\nShe should wait until marriage b/c this guy is going to probably dump her within the year.  Then she's gonna feel real crappy when he breaks up with her and she's given it up to him.\n\nMy bet is that he'll screw her and then dump her immediately after. He'll probably pull the whole not-returinging-her-phone-calls ordeal. \n\nYou might want to tell Your Mom about this and have her call your friends Mom. Your mom will tell you what to do. I think you should talk to your mom about this b/c she knows your friend better than I do.	family and relationships
PLeaSE HElp ME!!!!? So I like this guy but whenever I tell him or like remind him (is that bad?) the next day he tells one of my friends that he thinks I'm a b**ch and that he hates me. I have no idea why he hates me. He's going out with another firl right now and I just don't know how to get over him!!! Please help me!!! Oh yea there was a rumor going around my school that he was going to ask me out. I don't kno wif that has anything to do with it. Thanks so much for any help you can give!!! <beachlover703 The same thing kinda happened to me...I think that you should probably stop reminding him, and don't listen to the rumors. If he calls you a b**ch all the time then he obviously doesn't deserve you anyway!!!=)	family and relationships
What is the...? best date that you have ever gone on and why? What about the worst? the best date...Well, my b/f and I were outside of his house.  WE had just gotten back from a movie which was great.  It was Valentines Day.  Durring the movie he gave me a beautiful necklace and put it on me.  If that wasnt enough to make it great we went to his house after.  We layed out under the stars.  It was so cold but we had a blanket and kept eachother warm.  We saw a shooting star which made it perfect.  I absolutely loved it.  My worst date...with a different guy earlier than my best date.  WE went out for pizza.  He tripped on his shoelaces and fell on the floor, then my sister and his sister, who were with us (which made it bad enough) came up to me and asked if I could take them home.  (They are both younger than us.)  I ended up taking them home ans rode home with a guy who had pizza all over his clothes.  Embarassing.	family and relationships
why is it bad to date a 6th grader?  because in your case ..you would bore her to tears and she would be arrested for dating a retardo magnifico	family and relationships
I got my "daughter-n-law" hired at the place I work,now she is someone I'd like not to know,what to do? My daughters life partner works with me,at first it was good,since she had no idea about how to wait on tables,now she is filling my daughters head with bull,and because she thinks she is so much better at this than I am,(she tells my customers who know me this),she wants me gone!I won't quit,but how to deal with a 20 year old no-it-all? I'd personally smack her in the mouth it would make you feel alot better or talk to your boss that hired her and see about getting her fired after all you got her the job and have been there longer... but slapping her will sure make you feel better	family and relationships
i need a pal in manchester,any takers.male, 17 ,india.ladies first?  i live in MA, kinda near manchesterr :]]	family and relationships
What should i do if i like two guys at the same time? I like two guys one 14 almost 15 and the other is 12 forget about boys and do your homework	family and relationships
how can i find a person who was hit by a train on nov, 19,1999 in green river utah? don lewis jr was hit by a union pacific train on nov, 19 1999 in green river utah we would like some info on him sence he is our father Contact the hospitals in Green River. It sounds fairly small, and ER is bound to remember a train/pedestrian accident. You can look up the phone numbers to all the hospitals in the town on smartpages.com.	family and relationships
ok, time for som major confusion (its about dating)? i like my crush (well DUH!) but my crush doesnt like me. she likes my best friend (who is a boy). my bestfriend (that is a girl) who isnt really my best friend any more but, likes me, and, the odd thing is, i kind of start worrying about how i look when i am around her. oh and i also have known my bestfriend (that is a girl) since i was like five. now im 17. what do i do to keep everyone in a friendship somehow, weither changing  my girlfriends or somthin, but i want everyone in a friendship some how. Oh that tough. Um.. try letting things just fall where they want. If that doesn't work try just keeping the friends you have and start thinking about an other girl because I really don't think this girl you like is going to go anywhere(sorry if that's harsh). Now I mayb wrong but it souds like you might like the girl you've known since you where five. Best of Luck!! :)	family and relationships
I am 19 and a female i want to be with a girl, how do i go about it?  Go to a gay bar.	family and relationships
How do I break up with a girlfriend who says I'm her first love? Well, to be honest, I'd really know how to break up with her if she had prior experience.\n\nI do care for her though, in ways I don't care about most people. However, the love (for me) isn't there anymore, and I really want to move on, but there's this small problem for me: I'm her first (in practically everything.)\n\nIs there anyway to break up without scarring her? I know I'll hurt her, and she knows that we'll eventually break up which is what hurts her, but the thing is I'm a caring guy that really doesn't want to hurt her feelings. I'm a college freshman and she's still a high-school senior back at home, so there really isn't any full proof ways I can see her until at least next September. Also, with college, I haven't really found the time to be able to speak with her, and shes seems to find that irritating or bad. I do care for her, it's just that at the same time I don't think this is working, and that it's better that we part ways than to drag it out.\n\nWhat should I do??? You should be honest just like you are in your letter.  You are absolutely right in the fact the she will be hurt but it is in the way that the break up is done that determines on a certain level the impact that it could leave for her future.  First of all do not kiss her or show romantic feelings before breaking up because it only confuses the person.  Eventhough your intentions would be to make her feel better you can not take care of the person since you need to distant yourself.  Be gentle, be caring but with your words and your face but after it is done be respectful and dont give her false impressions or false hope.  Last but not least try to stay away from situations where you could come face to face with her so that she does not feel like you are partying and celebrating your new found freedom.  Go through a period of mourning yourself that way everybody will have time to heal from a separation.  You seem like a good guy so I am sure that you will do the right thing, just be nice and try to understand what she is going through she is being dumped and no one likes but also no one dies from it and it can be a growing experience for everyone if it is well done.  Good luck my friend and continue having a kind heart because its nice to know that even the dumper can feel alot of pain	family and relationships
why do men like women with big breasts even when they know its down to surgery? e.g Pamela anderson, salma hayek and various playboy models?\n\nSurely you would think they would appreciate something that was natural over something artificial? to be honest, most guys are unaware that they are fake until of course they have at least touched them.  In which case we are touching girls boobs and do not care whether they are fake or not.  Shallow? Yes.  Will it ever change? probably not.	family and relationships
How do I find Machea Dale over the internet for free ??  Who the hell is Machea Dale?	family and relationships
would it be cool if liberal democrats get back in office? We would not have to work anymore.  We can get welfare checks!!! Well, in the sense of getting welfare, it could be cool, but they'd have to steal from someone.	politics and government
What are they hiding? I think that the government has been hiding something horrible, something that could cause chaous throughout the world, i think the government has knowledge of something that would scare the socks off of us :O what are they hiding? My car keys. I know I left them on the dresser, but now they are gone.	politics and government
If Martin Luther King Jr. were alive today . . .? Chances are he would be an liberal (democrat) and probably run for office in the elections . . . Would you vote for him and why? No.	politics and government
Is islam is a religon of peace? Why don't we see peaceful demonstrations. Why do we only see violence? This is a serious question. I understand that there are many good peace loving muslims. However I keep hearing that there are only 1% that are radical violent people and I do not understand why the other 99% doesn't protest or even try to represent themselves. I really hope we see a muslim version of Martin Luther King.\nThis came up because my 11 year old daughter asked me why I tell her that they are a peaceful people when all she has ever seen is them burning buildings and shooting guns at other people. I showed her the speach givin by the new Afgan. President but of course he was talking about the violent riots over the editorial cartoons so it did not really help. they say it is . but i gotta say that i dont see it.	politics and government
Who would win in a fight between the Hulk and Count Dracula?  Huh!? The Hulk could turn Count Dracula into a bloody pulp.	politics and government
SHOULD A CHlMP BE PUT ON THE DOLLAR BILL? HERE'S A PIC OF WHAT IT WOULD LOOK LIKE.\n\nhttp://barcelona.indymedia.org/usermedia/image/9/bush_face.jpg A real chimp would look better than that mug on the dollar bill.	politics and government
R most Americans really so so DUMB ,, most have never heard of KYOTO Protocol or Global Warming? why r they so hooked on 2 white house \n- or does it run deeper ,, sortta sophy BIG BROTHER I hope the question "R most Americans really so so DUMB" was a rhetorical one. If you really want an answer, look at who we voted in as President.... TWICE! There is your answer my friend. I only wish I could say otherwise.	politics and government
History Behind Newfoundland Mining.? I'm doing aproject on newfoundland Mining history...If someone could help me out by giving me some information on it, it woul be great:) http://www.heritage.nf.ca/environment/mine/ch1p2.html	politics and government
WhyAmerica has two classes of citizens,those who can be presidents and those who can' t ? A person who is born in america, should have the same rights and duties with a person who is not born in the US if they are both citizens;in a democratic system of government citizens are equal before the law,or perhaps the american is not so democratic constitution after all...\nIf both the above persons have the same duties(like placing his life in the line of fire, for example in war)it is an,indispensible condition that they enjoy the same rights like being elected presidents of the country. Because the Constitution is obsolete, it was written over 200 years ago. Other anachronisms include the Electoral College, etc. \n\nWith politics as they are, it will NEVER be corrected.	politics and government
What was Sunday's episode of West wing about?  that;s a niced question to ask	politics and government
Who was the best 'first lady' of the United States? I thought Jackie Kennedy was fantastic. Eleanor Roosevelt, she really did a lot.  There are many that believe that she actually ran the country and the war for the last year or so of FDR's term because he was so ill.  Then after her husband passed she was still active in this country and around the world.  A lot of our world help organizations can trace their origins to her efforts.  Not to mention the U.N.  Even if some people don't like the U.N., I think it is a great way to bring all the countries of the world together.  It is the first time that it has even been done.  Might not be perfect, however, it is a start.  She helped draw up the constitution of the U.N. BTW.... \n\nAlthough, I have always been partial to the name Jackie.  :)	politics and government
I'm a 20 year old female who was in a bar drinking with local policemen & was charged with DUI that same night I received 2 tickets...one for dui and one for underage consumption.  I blew below the legal limit on a portable breath...but then blew invalid at the station.  What sort of recourse do I have in court. I have to say I'm not completely clear on what your question is.  \n\nSo you were drinking with some cops.  How does that change any of the facts of this situation?  A) you are underage and drinking and, B) you were driving, right?  Whether you were drinking with cops, doctors, lawyers, or your mother, you were still drinking and driving.  Just don't understand why the cop thing comes into this, so if I'm missing something, please explain it so I can understand it better.  \n\nThen it gets even more confusing for me.  You got two tickets; one for DUI and one for underage drinking.  But you blew under the limit on the portable machine, and invalid at the station.  So what you've said is that there is no chemical test that shows you were over the legal limit, right?  If that's the case, I'm not sure how or why you were cited for DUI, since there doesn't seem to be any proof that you were..and there seems to be proof that you weren't (your first test was under the limit).  There are ways a person can still be DUI even though they are under the limit, but you didn't talk about any of those things so I'm assuming they don't apply in your case.  \n\nDavega7 has some valid points, but I can assure you the DUI charge is harsher in California.\n\nlll_oo_legend_oo_lll would have you think that you might "have a case" because you were drinking with cops, but I still don't see what kind of case you'd have or how your choice of drinking partners has anything to do with your possibly illegal behavior.\n\nsdatary has some VERY valid points about relying on advice from Yahoo! users.  This forum really does not lend itself to the kind of interaction you need for legal counsel.  And I would agree with his/her comment about your possible concerns with the ethics of the officers you were drinking with, assuming they knew you were twenty and assuming they had some duty to find that out.  When I go to a bar off duty, it's certainly not my job to make sure everyone I might drink with is of legal age...it's the bartender's.\n\njkheavy2000 is offering some fairly poor advice (that you didn't ask for anyway) but he/she says it's from their attorney and it certainly sounds like something an attorney would say.  Most states have laws that require you to submit to a chemical test if you're arrested for DUI so you can choose to follow the law or not, it's pretty much up to you.  Some states allow for a blood test against your will, so it's possible you might even end up taking a test anyway and if so, your refusal will likely be used against you in court and result in more fines and/or jail time.  \n\nBut you want to know about your recourse in court.  Well, it would probably be helpful to know what state you're in.  Even then, without knowing more of the details of this situation, it's likely going to be difficult for anyone to give you a good answer to this question.  Ultimately, your decision regarding what you want to do in court should be based on what you are charged with.  Just because you received two tickets does not necessarily mean that the prosecutor will decide to charge you with both crimes...and there's too much missing information to be able to guess what you might be charged with.  Once you know what you're going to be charged with, you should decide (perhaps after talking with an attorney) if you did the thing you're being accused of, and if you did, if you want to just accept responsiblity for it and plead guilty or try to change the outcome by contesting the matter.  I don't know if that's what you're looking for when you talk about recourse, but that's what I got from the question.\n\nIf you're asking about recourse because you were drinking with cops and you don't feel it's right that you got busted at some point later in the evening, I'd go back to what I said before; I just don't get t	politics and government
in louisiana how long can you go after skipping court w/o getting an additional fine on a ticket?  Well, without knowing the kind of ticket, it is probably safe to say if you skip court, the fine has already been increased. Additionally, there may be a bence warrant out on you, which means that if you are stopped for a traffic offense, the cop may actually arrest you. Generally, bench warrants aren't the top of the priority list though, and it may not resurface-particularly if you happen to be stopped in a different parish. One thing you may be able to do is just go back to the court and plead ignorance. If it is a low level offense, such as a traffic ticket, they don't want to spend a whole lot of time on it, and they'll likely be interested in just getting the original fine. But, there is no guarantee-alot of it depends on your own record, the nature of the offense, and even, yes, the mood of the judge at the time.	politics and government
Why Bush kill the Christian leader of Syria and rat out the Evangelist leader also?  Who did he kill this time?	politics and government
Who is netaji?  Netaji Subash Chandra Bose??\nThe great warrior of Indian Independence!!	politics and government
Canada migrate? I am a Kenyan who studied in Canada sometime back. While I was doing my studies there, I contracted Multiple Sclerosis, which is an illness that affects the central nervous system. I am now back in my country and I have not had any attacks from MS for about 5 years.\n\nI am planning migrate to Canada as a permanent residence. What is the chances of me getting a permanent residence with this illness? Can someone please advice? I live in Canada.  I'm not sure what your chances are, but I wouldn't think they are too good with you having MS.  However, look up information on the CIC website.  Good luck!	politics and government
who are you?  your daddy	society and culture
why in the hell are people so racist??  are they just stupid?? I am watching law and order SVU and its about this skin head idiot..and I just dont understand how people can be so stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  it pisses me off to no end!!!!! people are racist  just because they hate their own race and they are jelous of other people. ya hear what i an saying	society and culture
i need an address for a richard bruce gentry?  Who is he? The only things that come up on google when you put in hid name, are from the yahoo answers site.	society and culture
can any athiest argue against the universal negative theory? if you have not searched the entire universe, on every plaent, under every rock, on every particle of dust, how can you say there is no god? Atheists have nothing to prove but just saying "there is no god" like a broken record with no basis or supporting facts.	society and culture
Why is it that African Americans are called Blacks? And Caucasians White? "White " people are actually shades of beige and "Blacks" are shades of brown. Isn't it time we called a spade a spade?\nI mean these are modern times. And I do believe it would go a long way towards dealing with the big "white elephant" in the middle of America. take it a step further where the hell is Caucasia?  The way I see it you are American or English or African etc.  Not African-American, etc.  If you are an American you're an American.  You never hear Caucasians saying German-American, etc.  I say let's all go universal and use American	society and culture
Why is it when asking a question about Blacks, it is thought to be RACIST? Is this question racist in nature?  >>>Why is it when asking a question about Blacks, it is thought to be RACIST? \n\nBecause it almost inevitably is. Racism is simply an assumption that characteristics are caused by or correlated to race. Asking “Why do black people do X” IS inherently racist. It can’t be otherwise. There are certainly questions about blacks that aren’t; racist, but they are rare around here.\n\n>>>>>Is this question racist in nature?\n\n\nNo, because it doesn’t assume any characteristics are linked to race. For example you haven’t assumed that Black people will all answer the same way. Had you made such an assumption then it would be racist.	society and culture
I'm interested....How many people out there are willing to raise their children in a pagan household? How many are willing to raise their children in a pagan household? (neo-pagan, wiccan, etc.)\n\nPlease if you answer no 'pagan bashing'. I want your opinion, but not any comments that may be hurtful to someone. I am raising my children in a Pagan household.\n\nEvery day at dinner we say a prayer and set aside a dish for the anscestors and then after dinner we take an offering out for the nature spirits. My children are taught to live in harmony with nature and to respect everyone as a necessary part of the world. They are also taught to seek earth friendly alternatives, and to take care of themselves in a natural way. They learn how to make their own cosmetics, cook from scratch and what wild plants are good to eat, what makes good tea and what can kill you. We very easily discuss things like sex, religion and politics. My kids are my best friends. \n\nOn full moons we gather with other families to worship and on Sabbats we gather with an even larger group to celebrate the seasons. \n\nBut really, we're very normal. I work 8 hours a day, they go to school. I wear a suit, they wear jeans. We're all crabby in the morning and my teenager uses up the hot water, slacks on her homework and chores and sasses me sometimes. My little one sometimes falls off his bike or stays outside after dark and I have to go fetch him and scold him. The dog still digs in the garbage and eats shoes. We eat breakfast and dinner together and they eat school lunch and I eat leftovers from dinner for lunch at work. On Sundays we go to my mom's for dinner, sometimes Sunday morning we go to Church with my mom, on special occasions when the whole extended family goes. On Saturdays we go to the zoo or the rec center and on many Saturday nights the house is either empty cause the kids are all gone, or filled with giggling teenagers who have taken over my kitchen and are demanding I help them make frybread.\n\nHow really different is a Pagan household from any other household?? \n\nYes, they get teased at school. My daughter revels in it, she likes the attention. She even dresses goth to provoke it, that's just the way she is. My son doesn't like it. It makes him sad, and I asked him if he'd rather I just didn't teach him about these things, or maybe we could keep it quiet, and he said no that those people were just ignorant and he could be stronger than them. That he knew they weren't good Christians anyway, because he knows what Jesus said. \n\nAnd for the record, I have three different versions of the Bible in my home and several of the "forbidden" Gnostic texts. We celebrate Christian holidays with my Mother & Co. and my children are taught about a variety of faiths. In the end, ultimately, their religion will be their decision. They know this.	society and culture
What does the word amove mean in the croation or other language? something to do with love? it's on a necklace purchased in croatia 'Amove' means nothing in Croatian. \nThe Croatian word for love is 'Ljubav'\n\n\nI think the word should be 'amore' which is Italian for love. \nThere are alot of Italian tourist in Croatia especially Istria..so tourist trinkets are created to cater for that market complete with spelling mistakes and all :-p	society and culture
For UNEMPLOYMENT Checks, when depositing you have to Sign the back of check in front of a bank worker? My check says SIGN in front of person honoring check. so that means i cannot just sign it and deposit into the ATM machine?\ni have to go inside the bank?  he he he.. i never do any business inside banks , all my banking i do at the ATM. I never go in banks either if I can get out of it .. It is almost as bad as going to get your car tags. I hate checks that have that statment on them and will send them back and demand payment  with out that restrection on them or auto deposit. But again they don't have me bent over because I don't need their money, just that its mine and I want it. You should not have  to jump through hoops for them. I guess you have to have their money to live so you can't fight with them for a month or two. Sounds like you are bent over. lol	society and culture
What do you think? How does this make you feel? Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent.\nIs he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent.\nIs he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil?\nIs he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God? "god" doesnt exist	society and culture
How come the easter bunny hides eggs if bunnies don't lay eggs?  The easter Bunny and the Easter eggs are both symbols used in the Pagen religion, that time of year is their fertility celebration and the Bunny and the Egg both symolize fertility. Estres (not sure on that spelling) is the godess of fertility, Easter is derived from that name.\n\nHalloween is also Pagen \n\nThe Christmas tree is also Pagen	society and culture
What is the meaning of the name 'Yener'?  It's a Turkish name, but it is also used as surname. It means "someone who wins" or just "wins".	society and culture
Why do people get to ride in a handbasket when they go to hell?  i've always wondered what that meant\ni found this:	society and culture
if you were making a list, would it be long?  If it was a list of people who have p****** me off and who I would love to smack in the face, then hell yeah, it would be llllllllllloooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg	society and culture
what are the beginning letters of a fairy tale called? the beginning letters, usually decorated and larger than other letters.  are there any websites with them? The large beginning letter is called an "Initial", and was first found in "Illuminated" manuscripts in Medieval times using the Insular calligraphy style.  Found at the beginning of a major section of text.\n\nThere are several types - zoomorphic, historical, foliate, etc.\n\nSearch for "Initial calligraphy" or other combinations.\n\nHere's a website with a few definitions:\n\nhttp://www.newyorkcarver.com/scriptoria.htm\n\nFor examples go to:\nhttp://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/welcome.htm\n\nand put "initial" in search box	society and culture
Why do people fall when prayed for? What's the purpose of it? Scriptural evidence suggests people fell forward (as opposed to backwards like they do in churches today), & nobody was praying for them when they 'fell'. They were praying by themselves when it happened. Explanations? Falling forward when you are praying by yourself still happens today, it is a form of reverence to God to lay prostrate on the ground when you speak to Him. A way of showing that you feel you are not even worthy to kneel in His presence. Falling backward in church when someone else is praying for you is know as being slain in the spirit and it isn't something you do on your own. I have experienced this particular phenomenon and it is indescribable. I didn't so much fall backward, I fell more straight down. It's as if my legs simply wouldn't hold me up anymore and I crumbled. It was the oddest feeling, but a good feeling, I could feel the presence of the Lord working in me and through me. If you've not experienced this it's hard to understand, but it does happen, it is real.	society and culture
