Oil Up on Russia, Iraq Supply Concerns  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose sharply again on  Thursday after Russian oil giant YUKOS said a Moscow court's  decision to effectively freeze its bank accounts threatened its  ability to continue production.	business
Peace  #39; key #39; to lower oil prices Oil prices will only fall if global conflicts are resolved, the boss of oil prducers #39; organisation Opec has warned. Opec president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said its members were increasing production to meet high 	business
SingTel kicks off first 3G trial THE first public trial of third-generation or 3G mobile phones will start in Singapore tomorrow, ahead of a nationwide rollout due by year #39;s end.	business
Leading indicators This year #39;s hurricane season has many homeowners looking more closely at the fine print on their insurance policies, and many investors eyeing the impact on insurance stocks.	business
Ebay Explodes to Twice Its Size Despite technical setbacks, the online business is stronger than ever Also: Kazaa loses its foothold as most popular music download site   hellip;. Sharp electronics moves away from U.S. market   hellip;. and more.	business
Boeing contract helper sentenced ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- A former Air Force official was sentenced Friday to nine months in prison after admitting she helped Boeing Co.	business
Moving on from that old line WHY are Telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?	business
Blue Chip Stocks Fall, Techs Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chip stocks were lower on  Friday after a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc.   &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, but technology stocks edged higher after a judge  rejected a government bid to block a takeover of PeopleSoft  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; by Oracle Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;.	business
High court hears dispute over interstate wine sales WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court was told today that state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional.	business
Druyun gets nine-month prison sentence A former top Air Force acquisition executive today was sentenced to nine months in prison for conspiring to help Boeing Co. win a multibillion-dollar Pentagon contract.	business
Stocks Look to Open Lower; Cisco Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower open on Tuesday as investors stay cautious after  last week's three-day rally and await results from networking  gear maker Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; which will set the  direction for technology stocks.	business
EDS takes 3Q loss Electronic Data Systems Corp., which has delayed its quarterly earnings three times, reported larger third-quarter losses after taking a \$375 million charge on its beleaguered Navy contract.	business
No increase in petrol, diesel prices New Delhi: Petrol and diesel prices will not be increased this fortnight. The government has decided to wait till the US presidential elections are over, official sources said.	business
Mirant works to emerge from bankruptcy ATLANTA -- Energy supplier Mirant Corp. hopes to emerge from bankruptcy in the first half of next year, the company said Thursday as it appointed a chief restructuring officer to oversee the process.	business
Intel CEO All but Rules Out Chip Plant In a blow to Brazil, Intel Corp. chief executive Craig Barrett on Thursday all but ruled out building a chip manufacturing plant in Latin America #39;s largest country because of high labor costs.	business
Exxon Executive to Retire Harry J. Longwell, executive vice president at Exxon Mobil, will retire at the end of the year, the company said yesterday. Mr. Longwell, 63, is retiring after 41 years.	business
NASA Set to Launch 7,000 Mph Jet Nasa is due to launch an experimental jet over the Pacific today in a bid to reach a record 7,000 mph. The first X-43A flight failed in June 2001 when the booster rocket used to accelerate it to flight speed veered off course and had to be destroyed.	science
Sun's Linux wins right to be considered in Japan They're on a list, and they want to tell us all about it	science
Private Space Ship Snares X-Prize The three-person spacecraft flew higher than 62 miles for the second time in a week and captured the X-Prize, an award offered to promote private-sector development of spaceships.	science
Homeland Security Still Falling Short With IT Work GAO said the department has to work on seven key practices. It #39;s progress so far is a  quot;work in progress, quot; GAO says. By Eric Chabrow.	science
Scientists Crack Chicken #39;s Genetic Code Scientists have cracked the genetic code of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310 million years ago.	science
Published by the group of companies Maxis Communications Bhd targets to launch its third-generation (3G) mobile services in the first quarter of 2005, but it expects the number of subscribers to be less than 100,000 during the first year due to the expensive handsets.	science
New Technology Estimates Fast-Food Demand at Restaurants By CHARLES SHEEHAN     PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Do you want fries with that? Never mind, we already know. A Pittsburgh startup, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order...	science
Sony abandons copy-control CDs SONY #39;S music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.	science
Judge Calls Conference on Microsoft The European Court of First Instance judge called an unexpected hearing to reconsider the evidence that can be used in the Microsoft antitrust case.	science
Didn #39;t Take Long: IBM Regains Supercomputing Crown IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L supercomputer has recaptured the speed record briefly held by Silicon Graphics Columbia system. Blue Gene/L, which is being installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, hit 70.	science
Symantec backpedals over mislabelled Trojan Symantec has revoked its decision to blacklist a program that allows Web surfers in China to browse government-blocked Web sites. The move follows reports that the firm labelled the Freegate program, which 	science
Iceman discoverer missing in snow The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 has gone missing in the Alps.	science
Oracle Isn't Trying to Bury Rival, Executive Testifies The co-president of Oracle testified that her company was serious about its takeover offer for PeopleSoft and was not trying to scare off its customers.	science
Antivirus Subscription Prices Climb Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite.	science
File-Sharing Networks Found Not Guilty By DAVID KRAVETS    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Grokster Ltd. and StreamCast Networks Inc...	science
Mandrake Linux 10.1 Official MandrakeSoft co-founder Gal Duval has announced the release of 32-bit Mandrake Linux 10.1 Official. 64-Bit Mandrake Linux 10.1 might be ready as early as next week.	science
Pinsent calls time on golden career Matthew Pinsent, the four-time Olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport - as reported in The Times yesterday.	sports
Warrick Out for Season With Leg Injury (AP) AP - Bengals wide receiver Peter Warrick is out for the year after injuring his left shin in the season opener. The injury was believed to have been a serious shin bruise at first but was later diagnosed as a cracked bone.	sports
Winky Wright Now Looking to Cash In (AP) AP - Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it. Wright pronounced himself one of boxing's elite contenders Saturday night after beating Mosley in a rematch and holding onto his 154-pound titles. It was a narrow win not decided until the final round, but Wright immediately began campaigning for even bigger fights.	sports
Appier Agrees to Comeback With Royals (AP) AP - Kevin Appier agreed to another comeback attempt and settled Tuesday with the Kansas City Royals on a minor league contract.	sports
Big Unit Breakdown Between Yankees and D #39;Backs New York, NY (Sports Network) - Published reports out of New York indicate the Yankees and Arizona Diamondbacks have halted trade talks involving five-time Cy Young Award winner Randy Johnson.	sports
McNair to Have Surgery Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will miss the final three games of the season and undergo surgery to strengthen the bruised sternum that has plagued him most of the year.	sports
Woodgate backing for Robson Jonathan Woodgate has backed former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson to make a speedy return to football. The veteran tactician was relieved of his duties on Monday by Magpies chairman Freddy Shepherd, citing poor results as the reason for his sacking.	sports
Tennis Masters - Houston USA Though Tim Henman may be considerably more senior than some of his more illustrious opponents at this weeks Tennis Masters Cup, he isnt quite old enough to recall the Apollo programmes famous moon shots and the sound of Mission Control at Houston 	sports
Nets: Kidd #39;s a hit in practice Yes, he was back. He showed some familiar signs of his brilliant self, there were rave reviews, and the Nets suddenly looked as though they #39;re ready to become an NBA team again.	sports
Here #39;s to turnaround: Bottoms up Last. Last. Last. Last. End-of-the-season division snapshots were grim a year ago for the Atlanta Falcons, Jacksonville Jaguars, Detroit Lions and New York Jets.	sports
West Indies thrashed by England JUST yesterday, it looked as though West Indies had a chance to finally win their first match in 2004 against England. How quickly that faded away! Simply put, West Indies lost the plot. England, behind on first innings, did just enough to ...	sports
Alpine Skiing: Bode Miller Wins Lake Louise Downhill America #39;s Bode Miller won his second race of the season Saturday with victory in the opening World Cup downhill by almost a second over nearest rival Antoine Deneriaz.	sports
Mauresmo Makes Crushing Start, Williams Posts Second Win  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful  start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1  6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships Thursday.	sports
Boston Celtics Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics got their season off on a losing note on Wednesday, as they dropped a 98-95 decision to the Philadelphia 76ers at the FleetCenter.	sports
Italians shake off shackles MOST YEARS, AROUND THIS TIME, THE pundits gather around the Champions League tables and begin to draw conclusions, looking for wider trends and patterns.	sports
Again, no word on Expos MILWAUKEE Major League Baseball #39;s executive council met for three hours yesterday but made no formal recommendation on whether the Montreal Expos should move to Washington next season.	sports
Lucchino: Renteria Deal Not in Place Yet All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria told The Boston Globe he has agreed to a \$40 million, four-year contract with the Red Sox, the paper reported on its Web site Wednesday.	world
Police Raid Mexico City Neighborhood Nearly 1,000 police and federal agents tore through a town outside Mexico City, smashing gates and breaking down doors in a hunt for the leaders of a vigilante mob that burned two federal agents to death.	world
Australia #39;s Howard rules out snap election while rival still ill SYDNEY : Australian Prime Minister John Howard said he would not call a snap general election while opposition leader Mark Latham was ill as he wanted to beat him fair and square. 	world
 quot;Overnight quot; solution of Kashmir issue not possible: Pakistan Islamabad: Stressing that an  quot;overnight quot; solution to the Kashmir issue was not possible, Pakistan on Friday said that the forthcoming meeting between President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New York was expected to take the 	world
Iran Claims Draft Accord With Europe on Uranium Iran's foreign minister said that a preliminary agreement had been reached to suspend Iran's production of enriched uranium immediately.	world
Panda handstand makes its mark Remarkable filmwork of pandas in the wild shows how these rare bears engage in some gymnastics to mark their territory.	world
Arafat health speculation runs wild Yasser Arafat #39;s French physicians are refusing to discuss his health crisis, leading to rampant speculation about the Palestinian leader #39;s dramatic deterioration.	world
Karni Tunnel as Hamas Hidden Arm into Israels Western Negev Round about 400 arms smuggling tunnels linking Egyptian Sinai to Palestinian Gaza under the Philadelphi border route have been unearthed and destroyed in the last couple of years by Israeli forces.	world
Aid worker #39;s husband hopeful of release The Iraqi husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassan said he was cautiously optimistic she would be released quickly given her long years of service to the people of Iraq .	world
Pringle to risk Zim deportation Journalist Derek Pringle will refuse to sign a declaration that commits him to cover only cricket in Zimbabwe.	world
WORLD IN BRIEF VIENNA -- Brazil has tentatively agreed to let the UN atomic agency view parts of its equipment used to enrich uranium -- a deal that would end squabbling over access to technology that can be used to build nuclear weapons, diplomats said Wednesday.	world
UN panel proposes criteria for legitimate military action With countries still bitterly divided over the war in Iraq, a high-level panel appointed by the United Nations has recommended a five-step guideline to determine when to use military action.	world
POTA to go, Centre to beef up another law NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 17: The Cabinet today approved the repeal of POTA, an anti-terrorism law enacted by the NDA Government, stating that it was a draconian law and being grossly misused.	world
Israel foils suicide bombing attack: radio Israeli soldiers have foiled a possible suicide bombing attack and detained a Palestinian woman, Israel Radio reported on Thursday.	world
Return to Nuclear Talks Tricky, N.Korea Daily Says North Korea will find it difficult to return to nuclear talks if the United States keeps insisting that Pyongyang renounce peaceful as well as military atomic activities, the North #39;s main newspaper said on Tuesday.	world
US Pressures Rebels in Najaf as Talks to End Fighting Stall As negotiations between Moktada al-Sadr and the interim Iraqi government stalled today, American forces intensified pressure on rebels loyal to Mr.	world
