(CNN) -- For the generation of Iraqi artists who came of age under Saddam Hussein's regime in the 1980s, one common subject was the dictator himself, often depicted holding a sword or riding an Arabian horse. Politics aside, those were good days for artists, says Natiq al Alousi, 49, an Iraqi sculptor who considers his commissioned work of Saddam to be an achievement. "Working as an artist in Iraq, when Saddam Hussein was president, was a golden period for all artists, not just myself. He was supportive of artists and was open to them," he says. "But we weren't open to the world for security reasons, and that's it." Receiving small recognition from Saddam was important to him as a budding artist, al Alousi says. As a student he entered a large competition -- one that he did not expect to win -- and Saddam attended the event. Upon viewing his work, "Saddam Hussein himself told me that the idea was nice, and that's the only thing I remember from the whole competition," he says. Read more: Bringing Babylon back from the dead . Al Alousi went on to create public sculptures and some that were placed in presidential palaces. Some were made for aesthetics and others to reflect events or issues that the country faced, he says. His memories of the time under Saddam can verge on idyllic. "There was never a day, for any artist in any form of art, who was forced to work for Saddam Hussein or the country," he says. "We were all happily working, and there were competitions that anyone can participate in." And when Saddam fell in 2003, so too did al Alousi's statues. He says it is disheartening to think of art being torn down. Now living in Abu Dhabi, al Alousi still sculpts using various mediums, but there are stumbling blocks. Few people there want to buy large statues, he says, and there is not even a foundry for his bronze works. He has to mail molds more than 1,000 miles away to Egypt, and the bronze rarely survives the return journey intact. In Abu Dhabi, "the art movement is still yet to begin in the right way. It did start, but it needs more solidarity and extra encouragement from certain entities for it to be mature," he says. Read more: Rediscovering Iraq's cultural heart . But al Alousi sees these as only minor problems for his art, which he says is the "purest thing" in his life, a matter of expression, beauty and experimentation. And he says art has nothing to do with politics or religion. As for his associations with the dictator, it only meant he was at the top of his game. "I do not regret that I once worked for Saddam Hussein," he said. "This is history. Only the best artists work for presidents."	Under Saddam Hussein's regime, Natiq al Alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator . Al Alousi, a sculptor, says artists received much support from Saddam . He says working for Saddam was only a "fact of history" and does not regret it .
By . Wills Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 04:04 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:12 EST, 19 September 2013 . Missing: Kyron Horman holding a teddy bear before he mysteriously vanished in 2010 . The divorced parents of a 10-year-old boy who went missing in 2010 have appeared on television together for the first time in three years. Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to an interview between Desiree Young and Kaine Horman, whose son Kyron Horman mysteriously vanished from his school. They questioned each other over events which led up to disappearance of the boy, who was seven years old when he failed to arrive at Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. The boy's mother accused Horman, his father,  of ignoring signs he was unhappy. But Horman said Kyron was struggling to deal with 'split households' Young said: 'I don't blame Kaine for Kyron's disappearance. I want to make that very clear.' But she added: 'Things were happening in the year prior to Kyron going missing. 'It was just ignored. I feel like in that we failed Kyron. We didn't protect him.' Kyron's mother also said she had concerns Horman was 'ignoring signs', referring to the behavior of his wife, Terri Horman, Kyron Horman's stepmother, who took him to school on the day he disappeared. Desiree Young filed a $10 million suit against Terri Horman last year, alleging the stepmother kidnapped Kyron Horman. But the case was dropped, with Young saying it could not move forward without information from the police, who withheld evidence because of the ongoing investigation. Kyron was reported missing in June 2010 after failing to turn up to Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. Scroll down for video . Interview: Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to a conversation between Kyron's divorced parents Desiree Young and Kaine Norman . Mother: Desiree Young (left) said Kyron's father ignored signs he was unhappy, but did not blame Kaine Horman (right) for their son's disappearance . He was taken to school by his stepmother, Terri Horman, who then stayed with him while he attended a science fair. Terri Horman states she left the school at around 8:45am but Kyron was not present in his first class of the day and was marked down as absent. Three years on, no arrests have been made in the case, despite an exhaustive search by local police and the FBI. During the interview Young also talked about Horman's infidelity while they were married, saying: 'I was seven months pregnant, Kaine was having an affair.' Horman apologised for cheating on her with Terri Horman, who he married around six months after Kyron's disappearance. Allegations: Desiree Young also talked about Horman's infidelity, accusing him of having an affair when they were married and when she was pregnant with Kyron . Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman (left) took him to . Skyline Elementary School on the day he disappeared and is the last . person to have seen him alive . Horman, did not respond to the allegations, focusing on Kyron throughout the conversation. He said the seven-year-old acted out while he switched between Horman's house in Portland and Young's in Medford which is 273 miles away. Young said Terri Horman would call her, asking if she could come and collect Kyron when the boy's father was away on business trips. She recalled one time when she came to pick him up and said 'He was crying. There was something going on. He wanted to live with me. He didn't want to be there.' Horman reacted and said the reason Kyron was upset was because he was just struggling to 'deal with split households' and said he also cried during journeys to Medford. Play: Dr Phil's audience were shown clips of Kyron before he disappeared, including this one of him playing with his mother . Desiree Young filed a $10million lawsuit against Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman, accusing her of kidnap, but she dropped the case in July this year . 'He didn’t want to come see you. I never told you that before.' Both Horman and Young repeated believe that Terri Horman is implicated in Kyron's disappearance. She took him to Skyline School that Friday morning and she is the last known person who saw him. 'I believe she's involved in this. I think she is the one who has all the answers.' A cloud of suspicion has hung over Terri Horman, who is now living with her parents in Roseburg. But she's not been charged and was only named as a prime suspect in a civil law suit filed against her. Young said Terri Horman had put everything in writing, saying she and Kaine Horman had been up arguing until 3 a.m, just hours before Kyron disappeared. Young said Terri Horman wrote that her marriage to Kaine Horman was over and that she planned to return to Roseburg the day the boy vanished. No stone unturned: Authorities have searched more than 28,000 hours for Kyron since his 2010 disappearance. Here, recovery workers take to the water . Volunteers: Desiree Young organised a new search earlier this month and said she had unearthered new evidence . Kaine Horman denied the allegations saying they did not fight at all. Multiple searches have been done but the authorities have never turned up any solid indications of what happened to the boy. Both Young and Horman said they believe he is alive somewhere. 'I will until the day that I die. I still believe that he's going to come through the door.' Horman said he thinks the fact that no clues have turned up only increases the likelihood that Kyron lives. Earlier this month, Young organised a new search in Multnomah County, Oregon, and said that she had unearthed new evidence. She said that the two-day search, which was carried out by 60 volunteers, and 10 search dogs, was successful but she would not be specific about exactly what they found, citing the ongoing criminal investigation. The items were handed over to the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office and officers were examining  whether they hold any significance to the case. Hope: Desiree Young (picture with Kyron) said she still believes her son is going to walk through her door alive .	Kyron Horman was seven when he disappeared in June 2010 . Interview was first time parents have been face-to-face in three years . His mother Desiree Young said they both had failed to protect Kyron . Kaine Horman, his father, apologised for having an affair . His new wife, Terri Horman, was the last person to see the schoolboy alive .
By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 08:00 EST, 24 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:13 EST, 24 September 2013 . A council leader who subjected his wife to a decade of abuse shot her dead then  killed himself when he found out she was considering leaving him, an inquest heard. Keith Johnson, 58, was described by 44-year-old Andrea as someone who would ‘change like the devil’ when they were alone. Details of her years of torment at his hands only emerged in a secret diary discovered after her death. Murder-suicide: Keith Johnson, left, shot his wife Andrea, right, dead outside their home before turning the gun on himself . Violent: A diary kept by Mrs Johnson and found by police after the couple had died, revealed that Mr Johnson subjected his wife to a decade of abuse . The couple, who had been together for more than 20 years, had an ‘open relationship’ and each had affairs. But . after learning she was considering ending their marriage Johnson, the . Tory leader of North Norfolk District Council and former mayor of . Cromer, wrote out wills and funeral instructions, before luring her to . her death outside their home. He was yesterday described as a ‘monster’ by her family. In . one diary entry, soon after they married in 2004, shop assistant Mrs . Johnson wrote: ‘He doesn’t seem bothered he is hurting me, said I either . like it or lump it.’ Later she described how he would ‘change like the devil’ and in another entry said: ‘He’s done it so often it doesn’t matter.’ Investigation: Police guard the scene at Compit Hills in Cromer, Norfolk, where Mr Johnson killed his wife and then himself in December last year . Deliberate: The inquest heard that Mr Johnson planned to kill his wife with her own shotgun after luring her back to the house telling her that he would not be violent . The . inquest in Norwich heard yesterday how she had been in ‘a close . relationship’ with cleaning  company director Robert Jeans, 62, in the . months before her death. Harrowing: Police only found Mrs Johnson's diary during a search of the house following her death . Johnson threw her out of their bungalow in Compit Hills, near Cromer, and she went to stay with Mr Jeans nearby. The next day Mr Jeans drove her back to her marital home after Johnson invited them for a chat and promised not to harm her. Mr . Jeans told the inquest how he did not get out of his car and drove . away, leaving Mrs Johnson talking to her husband on their driveway. Mrs . Johnson called 999 at 2.28pm to report that her husband was on the . driveway with a shotgun and the operator heard a gunshot and her . screams. Several minutes later Johnson went into the back garden and shot himself with one of his wife’s four licensed shotguns. Police . found a series of notes, including details of how to dispose of the . estate and how the couple should be buried, suggesting he had planned . the murder on  December 2 last year. Post mortems found Mrs Johnson died of a single shotgun wound to the chest and her husband from a shotgun wound to his neck. After . the inquest, a domestic violence homicide review was published . detailing how Johnson abused his spouse, who he saw as a ‘trophy wife’. It contained details of the diary which referred to the times when he . beat her while drunk and had sex with other women in front of her at . their home. Mrs Johnson’s . family told of their horror at the revelations. Outside court, her . sister Sharon Thorpe said: ‘We wish we had known you were suffering so . we could have helped you. Keith Johnson, the face of Cromer, was nothing . more than a monster.’ Coroner William Armstrong concluded that Mrs Johnson suffered an unlawful death and Mr Johnson killed himself. Police probe: Forensics officers pictured outside the home of the Johnsons near Cromer, Norfolk, following their deaths . Devastated: Pictured (left to right) are Andrea Johnson's brother-in-law Kevin Thorpe, sister Sharon Thorpe and parents John and Jan Chadwick at Andrea's inquest . Share what you think . The comments below have been moderated in advance. Karen, . Bedford, . 16 hours ago . No one knows what happens behind closed doors and few care enough to ask. It is very hard to be married to a 'controller' and there is the added fear of what will happen if he loses control. I am surprised he 'allowed' his wife to have affairs. RIP Andrea, Rot in hell Keith . The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.	Keith Johnson, 58, shot wife Andrea outside their home in Norfolk . The North Norfolk District Council leader and ex-mayor then killed himself . Police found couple's wills and funeral plans at their home near Cromer . A diary kept by Mrs Johnson revealing that she was abused was also found . It said her husband could 'change like the devil' when they were alone .
By . Lizzie Edmonds . A Ferrari driver was remarkably uninjured after he smashed his supercar into this central reservation of the M1. These images show the aftermath of the high-speed crash, which took place near to Woolley Edge services in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. The front of the Ferrari 458 Italia is almost destroyed in the images, while the bonnet sticks up in the air. Smash: A driver was left uninjured when he smashed his Ferrari 458 into the central reservation on the M1 . Damage: The car's bumper was smashed following the collision near Wakefield, West Yorkshire, on Monday . Luckily, the rest of the car - prices for which start at around £170,000, appears relatively unscathed. Fortunately, the driver was not injured in the crash - which took place at around 3.45pm on Monday. No one else was harmed in the crash either, police confirmed. Officers took to Twitter after the collision to issue road safety advice after the car careered into the barrier on the northbound carriageway. The West Yorkshire Road Policing Unit tweeted: 'Ferrari RTC into the central reservation! Bad weather conditions be careful.' Warning: West Yorkshire Police road unit tweeted this picture of the crash - taking the opportunity to warn drivers about poor driving conditions due to bad weather . Hot wheels: Officers then commented on the £170,000 vehicle - saying it was a 'very nice car' Production of the Ferrari 458 began in 2009. It is rear mid-engine, rear-wheel drive . There are two different body types: Berlinetta and Spider . Engine: 4.5L V8 (562 hp at 9,000 rpm) Transmission: 7-speed dual-clutch . Acceleration: 0-100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.3 seconds . Top speed: 325 km/h (202 mph) Price: Begins at £169,545 . They later added: 'It was a very nice car.' The Ferrari's 0-60mph acceleration is 3.3 seconds with a top speed of 202 mph. It is powered by a 4.5L V8 engine which produces 562 hp at 9,000 rpm. Last week, another Ferrari was in the spotlight for a very different reason - because its owner had wrapped it in £4,000 work of gold vinyl. The £200,000 248 Spider belonged to kickboxing world champion Riyadh Al-Azzawi. Mr Al-Azzawi parked the Italian supercar outside a gym in Kensington, London, where he was training. It wasn't long before it attracted crowds of gawping onlookers - some of which even took videos of the rather garish vehicle.	Ferrari 458 Italia smashed into central reservation of M1 on Monday . Driver wasn't hurt in smash near Wakefield, West Yorkshire . Prices of 202mph 4.5L V8 Ferrari start at around £170,000 .
'No need for notes': ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus is backing Sweden's move towards a cashless society after his son was robbed three times . Sweden was the first European country to introduce bank notes in 1661. Now it's come farther than most on the path toward getting rid of them. 'I can't see why we should be printing bank notes at all anymore,' says Bjoern Ulvaeus, former member of 1970s pop group ABBA and a vocal proponent for a world without cash. The contours of such a society are starting to take shape in this high-tech nation, frustrating those who prefer coins and bills over digital money. In most Swedish cities, public buses don't accept cash - tickets are prepaid or purchased with a cell phone text message. A small, but growing number of businesses only take cards and some bank offices — which make money on electronic transactions — have stopped handling cash altogether. 'There are towns where it isn't at all possible anymore to enter a bank and use cash,' complains Curt Persson, chairman of Sweden's National Pensioners' Organization. He says that's a problem for elderly people in rural areas who don't have credit cards or don't know how to use them to withdraw cash. The decline of cash is noticeable even in houses of worship, like the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, where Vicar Johan Tyrberg recently installed a card reader to make it easier for worshippers to make offerings. 'People came up to me several times and said they didn't have cash, but would still like to donate money,' Tyrberg says. Plastic fantastic: Vicar Johan Tyrberg stands next to a credit card machine in the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, to enable worshippers to donate money without having to carry cash . Bills and coins represent only three per cent of Sweden's economy, compared to an average of nine per cent in the eurozone and seven per cent in the U.S., according to the Bank for International Settlements, an umbrella organization for the world's central banks. Three per cent is still too much if you ask Ulvaeus. A cashless society may seem like an odd cause for someone who made a fortune on 'Money, Money, Money' and other ABBA hits, but for Ulvaeus it's a matter of security. After his son was robbed for the third time, he started advocating a faster transition to a fully digital economy, if only to make life harder for thieves. 'If there were no cash, what would they do?' says Ulvaeus, 66. The Swedish Bankers' Association says the shrinkage of the cash economy is already making an impact in crime statistics. End of the print run? Kronor bills and coins make up just 3 per cent of the economy . The number of bank robberies in Sweden plunged from 110 in 2008 to 16 in 2011 — the lowest level since it started keeping records 30 years ago. It says robberies of security transports are also down. The prevalence of electronic transactions — and the digital trail they generate — also helps explain why Sweden has less of a problem with graft than countries with a stronger cash culture, such as Italy or Greece, says economics professor Friedrich Schneider of the Johannes Kepler University in Austria. 'If people use more cards, they are less involved in shadow economy activities,' says Schneider, an expert on underground economies. The flip side is the risk of cybercrimes. According to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention, the number of computerized fraud cases, including skimming, surged to nearly 20,000 in 2011 from 3,304 in 2000. It's no surprise that Sweden and other Nordic countries are at the forefront of this development, given their emphasis on technology and innovation. For the second year in a row, Sweden ranked first in the Global Information Technology Report released at the World Economic Forum in January. The Economist Intelligence Unit also put Sweden top of its latest digital economy rankings, in 2010. Both rankings measure how far countries have come in integrating information and communication technologies in their economies.	Nation was first in Europe to bring in notes in 1661 . Bills and coins now just 3% of Sweden's economy . Bank robberies plunge, but cyber crime surges .
By . Leon Watson . From buildings built by the Nazis to ornate theatres, burnt out hotels and eerie sanatoriums, these are the abandoned buildings that still litter the powerhouse of Europe. Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to the German capital Berlin and the surrounding countryside to capture buildings in need of work on film. Far from being resplendent in vintage glory, the deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves. An abandoned former Hitler Youth Training School pictured by British photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London . The Eagle and Iron Cross mural at Krampnitz Kaserne, a military complex, in Fahrland, Potsdam, created by the Germans during the rearmament period . Warped parquet flooring at Krampnitz Kaserne. The site was also used as a driving training centre until the Russians took control of the area, taking over a day after the Germans abandoned it April 26, 1945 . A gym/basketball court at Krampnitz Kaserne. The 35th Guards Motor Rifle Division was then stationed there until its abandonment in 1992, after the Soviet Union dissolved . Decaying: A lecture hall at the former Hitler Youth training school pictured by Daniel Barter, 30 . A view of the former Hitler Youth training school's lecture hall from the stage . The inside of the former Hitler Youth Training School in Germany. The windows are open, but this room is still in good condition . German eagle motifs flake off ceilings and concert halls designed for hundreds have not seen a show for years. Mr Barter said: 'I stumbled into photography via my degree, which was in restoration. My interest in abandonments started really young. 'When I was five my junior school had a derelict aeroplane in an adjoining field. Two of my friends and I climbed over the 10ft green wire mesh fence and entered the plane. 'If I close my eyes I can still picture the switches, dials and smell the leather. 'I find abandoned buildings to photograph by word of mouth or a little bit of research. 'To gain access to some of the locations is quite another story and can involve a lot of climbing, sneaking and hiding. 'The best and most interesting thing about photographing abandoned buildings in Germany has to be the clash between different opposing ideologies that dominated this region in the mid to late 20th century. 'There is almost nothing else similar to it around the globe. 'The way it effected the material fabric of these lost places and the way it continues to effect the region as a whole, is I believe unique.' There are more than 60 buildings at the sanatorium which are  looking for a new lease of life . An undamaged guest room in the burnt out hotel looks almost lived in, but very dated . Seen better days: The main dining table in the abandoned and burnt out hotel . Left to rot: A barber's chair in a manor house that once acted as a sanatorium . The grand staircase at the Lung Sanatorium that has been daubed with graffiti. The site is south of Berlin. Building work started in 1898 . Pictured here is an abandoned theatre that has not seen a show for years . Mr Barter's photographs show even the powerhouse of Europe has its fair share of abandoned properties . A restaurant in the site of a burnt out hotel where food hasn't been on the menu for years . A corridor at the sanatorium. In its time it was also used as a hospital by the Russian Army until German reunification . The arches around a courtyard inside the old sanatorium daubed with graffiti .	Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to Berlin to capture sites . Deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves .
(CNN) -- The end is closer than the beginning. Ron (Rupert Grint, left), Harry (Daniel Radcliffe, second from right) and Hermione (Emma Watson) in the new film. Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts are now in their sixth year of seven at the school. They've seen a lot of changes, particularly as the influence of the reawakened Voldemort (that is, He Who Must Not Be Named) has made itself known. And the movie series itself is now nearing its conclusion. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," which comes out Wednesday, is likewise the sixth movie in the series based on J.K. Rowling's seven Harry Potter books. There is one benefit to having such history, director David Yates says: Pretty much everybody going to see "Half-Blood Prince" is familiar with the characters, whether through the books or the movies. "We made a decision -- we kind of crossed a line, actually, I think, on this movie, where we said, 'You know, this is the sixth one in the series; it's the most popular franchise probably in history; do we stop and explain things to the audience who may have not seen any of the others?' And we said 'no,' " Yates said. "And you know why? It's because they can always go back to DVDs. They can go back to the books." Indeed, many fans know the books -- and the movies -- backward and forward.  Interactive: Harry Potter 101 » . The new film reflects the growth of the characters: Harry, the orphaned boy wizard who has been forced to take on responsibilities beyond his youthful years; Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), his red-haired best friend, who is finding depths of courage in himself he wasn't aware of; Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), the bookish and indispensible member of their clan, who has demonstrated key leadership qualities; and all the rest, preparing for the showdown with the archvillain Voldemort.  Watch the Potter cast answer your questions » . Among the returning performers: Michael Gambon as Dumbledore, Alan Rickman as Snape, Maggie Smith as McGonagall, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. One addition is Jim Broadbent, who plays Horace Slughorn, a former professor brought back to Hogwarts.  Watch the stars at the rainy premiere » . Despite the growing darkness, there's also a lightness to the new film, says Daniel Radcliffe, who plays Harry. Unlike the previous two movies in the series, which were rated PG-13, this one is rated a more family-friendly PG. "I think this film's funnier," Radcliffe said. "There are a couple of moments which I laughed out loud at." Not that it's going to be a barrel of laughs, Yates cautions. (How could it, with the snake-faced Voldemort growing ever stronger?) "It is a bit bipolar," Yates said. "On the one hand, there's all this ... romance, and on the other hand, people are getting killed, and bridges are being blown up." Oh, yes, there's romance. After all, the main Potter characters are all teenagers now, with all the teenage longings. Potter fans have had their own longings. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" was scheduled to be released in November but was pushed back to its Wednesday opening after Warner Bros., Potter's studio, expressed concerns about putting it out over the holiday season. (Warner Bros., like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.) Warner Bros. said at the time that the film "perfectly fills the gap for a major tent-pole release for mid-summer" and added that the delay was also due to "repercussions" from the 2007-08 writers strike. But fans weren't so easily placated, filling message boards with angry comments and starting petitions that garnered tens of thousands of signatures. Warner Bros. President Alan Horn was even moved to put out a statement assuring fans that the scheduling change "was not taken lightly." Now that the moment is finally at hand, the fans seem to have forgiven the studio. According to Fandango.com, a movie ticket-selling site, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is outselling "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" at the same point in the sales cycle. It's also in MovieTickets.com's top 25 advance sellers of all time. Given that "Transformers" is, by far, the year's top-grossing film, those tidbits can't help but make the studio happy. iReport.com: Seeing the latest "Potter?" Share your review . The last of Rowling's Potter books, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows," is in production now as two films. That's given the cast a bit of temporal whiplash when talking about "Half-Blood Prince," since they completed it more than a year ago, but they've been game to talk. After all, they've come a long way since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," way back in 2001. And they're aware as anyone of the passage of time -- that they're closer to the end than the beginning. It's the kind of situation that leads to sentimental reflections. But Watson, for one, couldn't wait to let go of one thing: her school uniform. "I was like, 'Burn it!' " she told Entertainment Weekly. "Oh, my God, to be done with those shoes and that uniform -- that was an exciting day."	"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" comes out Wednesday . Film is sixth in the series, has moments of humor amid growing darkness . Less back story for this one, director says: Fans can "go back to DVDs" and books .
(CNN) -- Sugar-sweetened beverages are linked to more than 180,000 obesity-related deaths worldwide each year, according to new research presented this week at an American Heart Association conference. "This means about one in every 100 deaths from obesity-related diseases is caused by drinking sugary beverages," says study author Gitanjali Singh, a postdoctoral research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health. Among the world's 35 largest countries, Mexico had the highest death rates from sugary drinks, and Bangladesh had the lowest, according to the study. The United States ranked third. However, the American Beverage Association dismissed the research as "more about sensationalism than science." Opinion: Banning large sodas is legal and smart . When people drink too many beverages containing added sugar, such as soft drinks, fruit drinks, energy or sports beverages, they tend to put on weight. The study authors say these added pounds increase the risk of developing diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some cancers -- conditions often referred to as obesity-related diseases. Researchers at Harvard wanted to find out how often people around the globe drank sugar-sweetened beverages and how that affected their risk of death. They looked at 114 national dietary surveys covering more than 60% of the world's population. They also used evidence from studies published in medical journals that discussed sugary drinks and other dietary habits. Their data was included in the 2010 Global Burden of Disease Study, which looks at the health and mortality of populations across the world. How did the Harvard scientists single out that sweet drinks were linked to weight gain and death? They spent several years gathering and combing through data. They looked at all kinds of factors that can affect our weight such as TV watching, changes in physical activity levels, smoking and the consumption of all kinds of food and drink. When the researchers controlled for these factors, they were able to determine what percentage of deaths from diabetes, heart disease and cancer were linked to sugary drinks. "The investigators examined changes in sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and then its association with change in body fatness or BMI (body mass index), and subsequent deaths from cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer," says Rachel Johnson, professor of nutrition at the University of Vermont in Burlington and chair of the American Heart Assocation's Nutrition Committee, who was not involved in the study. Opinion: 'Anti-Bloomberg' bill stops overregulation . Scientists found that more people died from diabetes, heart disease and cancer in parts of the world where consumption of sugary drinks is high. Of the nine world regions in 2010, Latin America and the Caribbean had the most diabetes deaths linked to sugary drinks with 38,000. East and Central Eurasia had the most cardiovascular deaths at 11,000. In the United States, sugary drinks were linked to the deaths of 25,000 people from diabetes and other obesity-related diseases. As in many other countries, the death rates were highest in young adults under age 45, with one in 10 obesity-related deaths associated with sugary beverages. "Almost three-quarters of the deaths caused by sugary drinks are in low and middle income countries," says study author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, co-director of the cardiovascular epidemiology program at the Harvard School of Public Health. "So this is not just a problem in wealthy nations." The average consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages in Mexico, the country with the highest death rates among larger nations, was 24 ounces per day. The American Beverage Association released this statement in response to the study: . "This abstract, which is neither peer-reviewed nor published, is more about sensationalism than science. In no way does it show that consuming sugar-sweetened beverages causes chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cancer - the real causes of death among the studied subjects. "The researchers make a huge leap when they illogically and wrongly take beverage intake calculations from around the globe and allege that those beverages are the cause of deaths which the authors themselves acknowledge are due to chronic disease." Judge stops NYC ban on large sugary drinks, city plans appeal . The study authors and other experts disagree. "We know having an elevated BMI is associated with an increased risk of heart disease, diabetes and some cancers," says Johnson. "The body does not seem to detect fullness as well when you drink sugary drinks. That is one explanation for why sugar-sweetened beverages are associated with obesity." Recently the American Heart Association came out with a scientific statement about sugar intake and heart health because it says there is new evidence about the relationship between the two. The statement says some research has found a link between sugar consumption and cardiovascular disease, while other research has not found a direct link. The AHA says that the best way to maintain a healthy weight and to decrease the risk of heart disease is to eat a healthy diet and to limit added sugar to no more than 100 calories a day for women and 150 for men. Soft drinks and other sugar-sweetened beverages are the main source of added sugars in the American diet, according to the statement. One 12-ounce regular soda contains the equivalent of 10 teaspoons of sugar and has about 140 calories. Our obsession with sugar, salt and fat .	About 1 in every 100 deaths is caused by sugary beverages, researchers say . The American Beverage Association says the study is "more about sensationalism" Researchers analyzed data to link sugary drink consumption to obesity-related deaths .
By . Associated Press . UPDATED: . 10:05 EST, 16 March 2012 . When a Georgia judge sentenced a former General Electric supervisor to life in prison without parole for killing his subordinate's husband outside a preschool, the case seemed far from closed. That's because the focus of the month-long trial was as much on the victim's wife, Andrea Sneiderman, as it was on the accused. After Hemy Neuman was found guilty but mentally ill yesterday of the November 2010 murder of Russell 'Rusty' Sneiderman, the question quickly became whether prosecutors would charge her with a crime in her husband's death. Possible suspect: Now that Neuman has been convicted, all eyes turn to widow Andrea Sneiderman, who could have played a role in her late husband's demise . Taken away: Hemy Neuman was sentenced to life in prison, but will receive mental aide whilst behind bars . Weeping: Rusty's father Don Sneiderman reacts after the reading of the verdict yesterday . Neuman's defence attorneys and Russell Sneiderman's family said they hope to see prosecutors investigate Andrea Sneiderman in the killing. Russell Sneiderman's brother, Steve, said the family has long suspected Andrea was involved in Russell's death, and the trial only confirmed their suspicions. 'Why? What is she hiding? These questions must be answered and answered soon,' he said. Steve Seniderman added: 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' DeKalb County District Attorney Robert James said his office is reviewing the case and, when pressed after the trial on whether imminent charges would be filed related to the victim's wife, he said: 'Stay tuned.' 'Everybody's asking that question,' said Mr James. 'And I'm not going to stand up here and be disingenuous and say that's something that's not being considered.' Guilty: Hemy Neuman reacts to the verdict today as he faces the prospect of life in prison without parole . Andrea Sneiderman has denied knowing anything about the shooting and her attorney said after the verdict that her client was grateful for the conviction and sentence. She wouldn't comment on the possibility of a criminal investigation. 'Nothing can bring back her husband,' said attorney Jennifer Little, 'but it is reassuring to her that, after all of the noise and distractions surrounding this case, some measure of justice has been done for Rusty.' Days of testimony during the trial targeted whether Andrea Sneiderman was involved in an affair with Neuman, whether she knew about the details of her husband's death suspiciously early and whether she worked with her former boss to cover it up. This week's closing arguments only ratcheted up the rhetoric. Insane: Hemy Neuman was found guilty today in the shooting death of Russell Sneiderman but will have to be treated in jail for his mental illness . Visions: Neuman claimed an angel who looked like Olivia Newton-John, left, appeared to him, as did a demon with the voice of Barry White, right . Attorney Doug Peters, who represented . Neuman, called her a 'tease' who took advantage of Neuman's rapidly . deteriorating mental state, saying that while his client may have had . the gun, 'the trigger, I respectfully suggest, was pulled by Andrea . Sneiderman.' James took it a step further, suggesting that the widow was . a 'co-conspirator.' 'Hemy didn't hide his crime from Andrea because Andrea already knew,' James said in the trial. J. Tom Morgan, a former DeKalb County . district attorney, said a prosecutor can't ethically accuse anyone of . the crime to the news media unless that person has been charged, . indicted or granted immunity. But that doesn't prevent a prosecutor . from suggesting a witness was involved in a criminal act to a jury as . long as the evidence backs it up. Secret conversation: Defendant Hemy Neuman, left, spoke with attorney Douglas N. Peters who fought his case on the grounds he was not guilty by reason of insanity . 'So the D.A. can do something in . closing he would be prohibited from doing in a press conference,' said . Morgan, who is now in private practice. 'Whether Robert is going to do . something with her after the trial is anyone's guess.' Peters said he's confident his client would testify if charges are brought and she goes to trial. 'I believe that she planted the seed. I believe that as primed the pump. I believe that as stoked the fire,' Peters said. 'And I believe the evidence in the case indicates quite . clearly that she wanted her husband murdered and that she manipulated . him.' Phone records showed Neuman and . Andrea Sneiderman exchanged multiple phone calls on the eve of her . husband's death and immediately after the killing. [caption . And while she testified she didn't . discover her husband had been shot until she reached the hospital about . an hour after the shooting, her father-in-law and a close friend both . said she called to deliver the bad news only minutes after he was shot. Andrea Sneiderman, who has repeatedly . denied being involved in an affair, said she made mistakes by holding . hands with Neuman, dancing with him at a bar and having long dinners . with him while on business trips. But she said she didn't report his . advances because she feared for her job, and didn't air her suspicions . that Neuman was involved because it seemed unfathomable. 'The theory that my boss could kill my husband, it seemed kind of stupid at the time,' she testified. Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early 2010 because her husband was having trouble finding a steady paycheck. She hit it off with Neuman and the . two exchanged 1,500 phone calls and text messages in the months before . the killing. On work trips, they shared intimate dinners and inside . jokes — and, attorneys say, sexual relations. Her husband, a Harvard-educated . entrepreneur who she met in college at Indiana University, was gunned . down on November 18, 2010 after dropping his two-year-old son off at . Dunwoody Prep. Police say a bearded man with a hoodie shot him four . times and sped away in a rented minivan. Torn apart: Russell Sneiderman was murdered after dropping his children off at daycare. His wife, Andrea, right, was allegedly having an affair with his accused killer . Neuman was charged with the crime about six weeks later. He pleaded not guilty by reason of . insanity, saying he couldn't tell the difference between right and wrong . during the shooting. His lawyers say he fell so hopelessly . in love with Andrea Sneiderman that he believed he was the father of . her two children and that the only way to protect them was to murder her . husband. 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' Prosecutors said Neuman simply wasn't . suffering from a 'made up' mental illness, only jealousy for what he . couldn't have. A jury agreed, rejecting Neuman's claim that he didn't . know the difference between right and wrong at the time of the killing. They found him guilty but mentally . ill, which means he'll have access to mental health treatment while . spending his life behind bars. Some legal experts who have been following the case said there were advantages to charging Neuman but not Andrea Sneiderman. 'The fact she wasn't indicted allowed . her to be called as a witness,' said John Petrey, an ex-DeKalb County . prosecutor who is now in private practice. 'And from the prosecution's . point of view it was important that the jury hear and see Andrea . Sneiderman. Had she been charged they couldn't have done that.' Petrey said prosecutors may take their . time and develop a strong case that could secure not just an indictment . but also a conviction. 'I'd marshal my best prosecutors and . see if there's enough to indict and convict Andrea because if they're . ready to make that leap they would want to be able to quickly take her . to trial,' he said. James, the district attorney, said his office will do its best to seek justice for the victim's family. 'It's something we're looking at. I . know it's important to this family. It's important to America,' James . said. 'But as a prosecutor I have an obligation to follow the facts ... and make a decision that seeks justice.' Scene of the crime: Randy Sneiderman was shot outside of Dunwoody Daycare Centre outside of Atlanta in 2010 . Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early . 2010, and she and Neuman hit it off, exchanging 1,500 phone calls and . text messages in the months leading up to the killing. On work trips, they would share long dinners and intimate moments, including sex, according to attorneys. Neuman didn't testify, but jurors . heard him through hours of video recordings of interviews with . investigators and mental health experts. In one interview, Neuman was asked if he thinks he's the biological father of Sneiderman's two children. 'I don't know. I don't know. I don't . know,' he said. 'I feel like these are my children. I feel like I need . to be there for them. I feel like I need to raise them and I need to . protect them. But I don't know.' Neuman's attorneys tried to portray . their client as a brilliant but troubled child who was constantly in . fear of his father, a Holocaust survivor wracked with guilt because he . was able to escape the death chambers at Auschwitz while many relatives . died. Born in Mexico, Neuman was sent to a . boarding school in Israel and still suffers from fear of being . abandoned, his attorneys said. He later landed the GE job that allowed him to buy a pricey home in an upscale Atlanta suburb. Neuman first tried to kill his rival . in November 10, 2010, when he camped outside the Sneiderman house with a . gun he recently purchased and waited to attack, prosecutors said. But he bolted after Russell Sneiderman noticed an intruder on his property and called police. Eight days later, prosecutors said, . Neuman arrived at his office much earlier than usual — at 5:36am — then . sneaked out a back door to avoid security cameras and to give himself an . alibi. Days later, Neuman went to Russell . Sneiderman's funeral and even visited Andrea Sneiderman's house for a . Jewish mourning ceremony, prosecutors said.	Hemy Neuman found guilty of gunning down co-worker's husband Russell Sneiderman in 2010 . Neuman claims angel resembling Olivia Newton-John told him Sneiderman's children were his . Judge says criminal charges could follow for Andrea Sneiderman, who may have encouraged Neuman .
(CNN) -- It's a rapidly spreading pop culture phenomenon, fueled by the Internet. Korean pop music or K-pop, is one of the most notable exports to come out of South Korea in the past decade. Korea's content watchdogs say K-pop exports grew nearly 50 percent from 2011 to 2012, grossing an estimated $290 million last year. Earlier this year, nine-member K-Pop dance group Girls' Generation beat Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga for "Video of the Year" at the 2013 YouTube Music Awards in early November. The girl group is making waves as part of South Korea's young generation of pop stars rising up through the international ranks. K-pop concerts sell out in minutes. They raise television ratings, and their branding can get teens, and even some adults to buy just about anything. But it is not without incredible amounts of training. Most idols train for years in singing, dancing, acting and learning Asian languages before they are even allowed to debut their first song. Mike Suh, head of strategy and global business at entertainment conglomerate CJ E&M, says idols go through a long training period "so that they immediately attract fans when they first appear." That phenomenon was on display at the 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA for short) in Hong Kong, organized by CJ E&M, where some of South Korea's biggest idol groups Girls' Generation, BIGBANG, EXO, 2NE1 and Sistar held court. Tickets for the 10,000 seats were sold out within an hour of going on sale and nearly 13 million people signed onto MAMA's website to vote for their favorite idols. MAMA also showcased notable guests from the international music scene including Hong Kong singer/actor Aaron Kwok, Norway's Ylvis, Sweden's Icona Pop and American legend Stevie Wonder. Self-proclaimed K-Pop fan Paris Hilton also made an appearance. New pop . One of the more unique acts to go onstage was helmet-donning girl group Crayon Pop, which took home "Best New Female Artist" at the event. The comic act shot to fame when their music video "Bar Bar Bar" went viral earlier this year. At a backstage interview at MAMA, the five girls bowed politely, but were extremely careful of their actions. Showing how closely monitored they are, their manager was on high alert, often signaling to them about what they should and should not say. The practice is common among many idol groups, as any slip of the tongue can immediately damage their careers. In 2012, seven-member idol group Block B made comments in an interview about the tragic flooding in Thailand that some fans viewed as disrespectful and offensive. After a public outcry, the group issued many apologies but it wasn't enough. There were reports of music stations restricting them from appearing on its programs. Many netizens reportedly demanded their disbandment; some going as far as calling for the members to commit suicide. Former 2PM leader Jay Park also sparked public outrage after netizens found old posts on his social media site about his dislike for South Korea. The Korean-American was soon dropped from the idol group. Surveillance . Every action of an idol is monitored by their agency -- even romance can be prohibited by a clause in their contract. Singer Choi Dong-wook, known by his stage name Se7en, told a Korean talk show he saw his fan club instantly drop by about 100,000 members when he announced he had a girlfriend. Scandals can also have financial consequences. After BIGBANG leader G-Dragon tested positive for marijuana use in 2011, the group's management company YG Entertainment reduced the size of its IPO by around 10 percent. Multicultural reach . At MAMA, fans speaking Mandarin, Nepali, Tagalog and Japanese among other languages stood in the waiting areas, staring wide-eyed as the music videos of idols played over and over on the screens. The audience members knew everything about their idols -- writing down everything they said and did. It's dedication like this that keeps the K-Pop phenomenon going, and in return, artists give back forms of "fan service". Newer debuts like Crayon Pop appeal to fans by physically appearing before them at so-called "high touch" events -- more personal, face-to-face meetings that allow them to have direct interaction. "At these events, we shake hands with fans and get their advice on what they'd like to see," said Crayon Pop member Cho-A. Acts also use social media as a constant window to keep fans' attention. Crayon Pop has a YouTube channel where fans can watch videos of their everyday lives -- shot and edited by their agency. The channel currently has more than 157,000 subscribers. Disconnect . Some fans, however, believe that despite these methods, the artists come off as unapproachable and distant. Fans say they want more of their idols, and they're not getting it beyond the tightly controlled images and videos. Dorothy Advincula, an assistant editor at the Korean entertainment news site Kpopstarz, calls this K-Pop's "economics of scarcity," a method agencies use to try to keep the ball in their court. "Artist agencies make it difficult for idols to relate to their fans beyond the stage performance. So the littlest sighting, the slightest glimpse with a photo or any kind of evidence becomes a sort of trophy," she said. Advincula points to the social media presence as a veil. "While it's not unique to K-Pop, the response is different because there can be a disconnect on how idols and fans actually interact... while in mainstream, there is a certain consistency." "I think we've come a point of no-return where because of these bite-sized contacts... naturally fans get a bit greedier and demand something more."	South Korean pop earned estimated $290 million last year . Pop groups go through years of training before their debut . They are carefully managed to avoid any hint of scandal .
By . Ben Spencer . They are only a few inches tall, but these two wild crane chicks come with very high hopes. The pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years. It is a huge success for conservationists after sustained efforts to reintroduce UK’s tallest birds to their wetland habitats. Chicks: This pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . The wild crane, which stands four feet tall, was once commonplace in the south-west. But the bird was considered a vital part of the medieval banquet table - and cranes were hunted to extinction by the 1600s. The two chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Parent birds Chris and Monty, which were hand-reared as part of the Great Crane Project reintroduction scheme, tried to breed last year but a chick died in bad weather before leaving the nest. Hello, mum! The chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Above, one of the hatchlings with its mother . This year two healthy chicks have been spotted on their first walk away from the nest, as their parents fed them on grubs. So far they have stayed close to the nest site, which indicates there is plenty of food around for them. That is encouraging for the youngsters as cranes usually hatch two chicks but one will perish if food is scarce. Nigel Jarrett, the trust’s head of conservation breeding, said the chick’s arrival was incredibly exciting. Pleased: TV naturalist Stephen Moss described the chicks' arrival as 'a wonderful story' He hopes it will be part of a new generation of wild cranes. ‘There’s been an overwhelmingly positive response to the return of the cranes from people across the west of Britain,’ he said. ‘They are a fantastic advert for restoring wetland habitats.’ Some cranes have regained a foothold in East Anglia and nearly 80 have been reintroduced to western Britain in the past four years. They have been a strong draw for visitors to Gloucestershire, where volunteers have dressed in crane costumes to hand rear chicks. TV naturalist Stephen Moss said: ‘It is a wonderful story. They started reintroducing cranes to Slimbridge four years ago, bringing them over from Germany. ‘They were hand raised and then released on the Somerset Levels. But quite bizarrely they have flown back to Slimbridge to breed, back to the place they were raised. They must have some kind of homing signal.’ Mr Jarrett first spotted the chick on a webcam trained on the nest. He said: ‘It’s incredibly exciting to be on the cusp of a new generation of totally wild cranes that will hopefully start to recolonise parts of Britain that haven’t seen cranes for four centuries. ‘The chick hatching last year confirmed that the cranes we hand-reared were physically able to breed. ‘This year we’ve got everything crossed that everything goes in their favour and they can rear this chick.’ Damon Bridge of the RSPB added: ‘The young cranes are learning and adapting to their new home in the UK and are still searching for suitable sites to successfully rear their young.’ In 1215, Henry III (pictured) and his guests ate an incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York . Wild cranes are Britain’s tallest bird, standing four feet tall and with an eight-foot wing span. They . were once common in Britain, but they were driven to extinction by . hunters catching them for their meat and the draining of their wetlands . habitats. Before the birds completely disappeared hunting cranes . became the preserve of the nobility and a tax was put on the collection . of their eggs. In 1215, Henry III and his guests ate an . incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York, alongside an array . of bitterns and ducks, and during a feast to enthrone Archbishop . Neville in the fifteenth century, the guests consumed 204 birds. Hundreds . of towns and villages in the UK have the element ‘cran’ in their name - . such as Cranford, Cranbrook and Cranmore - because they were known for . having large populations of cranes. Scientists believe crane . footprints found in the Severn Estuary suggest they were breeding in . large numbers in Britain as far back as the Mesolithic era – around . 11,000 years ago. The oldest ever crane was a Siberian Crane . named Wolf who died at the ripe old age of 83, according to the Guinness . Book of World Records. Most cranes live to 20 years. In Japan, . the crane is regarded as a symbol of good fortune and longevity because . of its fabled life span of a thousand years. It also represents fidelity . as Japanese cranes are known to mate for life.	Hatchlings were born at Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve . First new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . Wild crane was once commonplace, but hunted to extinction by 1600s .
10 years on: Why Arsenal were the greatest Premier League side . Click here to read more about Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk . An air of trepidation descends upon Arsenal at Annual General Meeting time. Manager Arsene Wenger, majority shareholder Stan Kroenke and chief executive Ivan Gazidis all sat on the top table, perched like sitting ducks, waiting for one disgruntled shareholder or supporter to unleash his or her wrath. They needn’t have worried this time, though, as Thursday's AGM passed without serious incident. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger attended the Annual General Meeting on Thursday with several shareholders . The AGM was quiet and on the whole calm, perhaps due to Arsenal ending their trophy draught last season . Wenger celebrates at the FA Cup winners' parade after his side's triumph at Wembley . ARSENAL v HULL . Kick-off: 3pm at the Emirates. Arsenal should be looking forward to playing Steve Bruce’s men. In their last 12 Premier League visits to the capital, Hull have lost nine times and won just once. The good news for Hull fans? That win came this season at QPR. There was no repeat of 2012’s angry affair when fans vented their fury at Gazidis and Kroenke before Wenger emerged as the club’s hero once more with a rousing call to arms. Of course, last season’s euphoric FA Cup win has helped placate some supporters; no longer did they have the club’s near 10-year trophy drought to use as a battering ram on such occasions. There are those who believe a solitary trophy since 2005 still isn’t good enough for a club of Arsenal’s stature. However, but for one awkward question from an unhappy supporter asking Wenger why he failed to sign a new central defender during the summer transfer window, even Wenger’s biggest critics were far from vocal on Thursday. Things, however, aren’t quite so serene at the club’s medical department back at their London Colney HQ. Arsenal have nine first-team players unavailable for Saturday's clash against Hull City. Wenger’s biggest concern is in defence, with Laurent Koscielny (achilles), Mathieu Debuchy (ankle) and Calum Chambers (suspended) all unavailable for the repeat of last year’s FA Cup final. Virgil van Dijk is once again being tipped for a move to north London but any deal for the Celtic defender will have to wait until January. Laurent Koscielny will miss the Hull game with an achilles problem, but Wenger says he doesn't need surgery . Koscielny’s long-term fitness is a major concern. His injury is a long-standing problem which has deteriorated in recent weeks. ‘It has got worse, he finds it difficult to play with at the moment,’ said Wenger, who insisted the France international does not require surgery. ‘If you wait for it to be better, it can be a short time. If you want to get rid of it completely, it is long term. We will monitor him and as soon as he can take enough pain again he will play.’ The fear is Koscielny’s injury could manifest into a problem that could see him miss months rather than weeks, leaving Wenger with the dilemma of whether to hand Koscielny an extended break or continue playing him and risk aggravating the injury further. Koscielny’s absence means Wenger is almost certain to use left back Nacho Monreal as a makeshift central defender alongside Per Mertesacker against Hull in a back four that could also consist of rookie right back Hector Bellerin and Kieran Gibbs. Arsenal’s lack of central defensive options merely gave weight to shareholder Nigel Payne’s question about why Wenger failed to sign a new defender following the exit of Thomas Vermaelen to Barcelona. Given the opportunity to answer Mr Payne’s query by chairman Sir Chips Keswick, the Arsenal manager declined, much to the fan’s anger. ‘That was a disgrace. I asked a question which every Arsenal fan I know feels so strongly about, which is why we went into this season with a very vulnerable defence,’ said Mr Payne. ‘I wanted to know if funds were available to strengthen the defence. The chairman said they always backed the manager. He offered Arsene Wenger the chance to respond and he didn’t.’ Nacho Monreal (pictured chasing Mathieu Flamini) could fill in at centre back this weekend . Thomas Vermaelen signed for Barcelona in the summer and Arsenal are yet to find a replacement . Virgil van Dijk could be on his way to Arsenal in January as the Celtic defender has impressed . However, Wenger did explain how he plans to solve the club’s defender shortage in 2015. Speaking at the start of the meeting, Wenger explained: ‘I agree we could have bought one more player but we didn’t find one. ‘But we will try in January to rectify that because we are a bit short because of the injuries we’ve had.’ Van Dijk is the leading candidate to fill the void. Scouts have made regular checks on the former Holland Under 21 centre half, who was called into the senior squad for the first time last month, and Sportsmail understands the club failed in a £7million deadline-day attempt to land the 23-year-old. The club, however, maintain an interest in Van Dijk and are primed to return for the Dutchman once the transfer window re-opens. Hopefully, that will calm Mr Payne’s angst. The big-money captures of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez over the past 14 months have helped dispel the theory from some supporters that the club’s board are happy to sit on vast cash reserves. Around £25m will be made available to Wenger in January to help strengthen the squad. But Gazidis, often the man left facing the brunt of hardline questioning at recent AGMs, sought to obliterate the notion that the club are holding back in the transfer market. ‘Inaccurate and superficial analysis leads to stories that we are hoarding a huge cash balance. That is simply not the case,’ insisted the club’s chief executive. ‘It’s quite untrue to suggest that the club is sitting on a huge cash pile which, for some unspecified reason, it refuses to use.’ Wenger will hope the remainder of the season is as smooth as the AGM. Van Dijk (left) challenges fellow defender Mikael Lustig at Celtic training as boss Ronny Deila (right) looks on . Virgil van Dijk is a 23-year-old Dutch centre back who plays his football for Celtic. He’s been extensively scouted by a host of top English clubs. What’s his pedigree? He came through the ranks at Willem II in Holland before moving to Groningen as a teenager, where he played in the same side as Southampton’s Dusan Tadic. He has played for the Dutch Under 19 and Under 21 sides and in 2013 he moved to Celtic for £2.6million. What kind of player is he? He’s 6ft 4in, so it’s no surprise to hear that he’s strong in the air. But he’s composed on the ball too. He’s particularly strong in one-on-one situations. What else would we look out for? For a defender, he’s not exactly goal-shy. He’s already scored twice this season and last year hit one of the goals of the season in the Scottish Premiership, dribbling from inside his own half to score against St Johnstone. Can he cut it at the top? Yes, at least according to Giovanni van Bronckhorst. The former Dutch star says Van Dijk can potentially be ‘the best central defender in Europe in the next few years.’ Van Dijk's career path . Groningen (2010-2013) Games 62 Goals 7 . Celtic (2013-present) Games 42 Goals 5 . Ivan Gazidis says claims that Arsenal are sitting on a huge 'cash pile' are 'quite untrue' THEO WALCOTT . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Theo Walcott has been out since January but should return to competitive action soon . AARON RAMSEY . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training on Monday . Arsenal received a boost with Aaron Ramsey set to return to training on Monday . YAYA SANOGO . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training next week . Yaya Sanogo is out of action with a hamstring complaint but is also set to rejoin training . MATHIEU DEBUCHY . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Mathieu Debuchy started his Arsenal career well but fell awkwardly on his ankle against Manchester City . LAURENT KOSCIELNY . Injury: Achilles . Out for? Unspecified . OLIVIER GIROUD . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Olivier Giroud's ankle injury (against Everton) lead to Wenger signing Danny Welbeck on deadline day . SERGE GNABRY . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Talented youngster Serge Gnabry is back in training after suffering with a knee injury . DAVID OSPINA . Injury: Thigh . Out for? Unspecified . David Ospina has only played for Arsenal twice but is already missing with a thigh problem . AND THIS ONE IS BANNED... CALUM CHAMBERS . Returns next week . Young defender Calum Chambers is unavailable for the game against Hull due to a suspension . VIDEO Wenger to search for defensive cover .	Annual General Meeting took place at the Emirates Stadium on Thursday . Ivan Gazidis denies that Arsenal are sitting on a 'cash pile' Arsene Wenger says they will look to buy in January, possibly a defender . Sportsmail understands Virgil van Dijk was subject of deadline day bid . Arsenal could return for Celtic star, with several key players out .
Legendary professional football coach and ESPN analyst Mike Ditka is recovering from a stroke he suffered Friday, the sports network said. Ditka, 73, will not be on ESPN's football shows this weekend, the network said. But Ditka "wanted everyone to know he's OK," ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said via Twitter. "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," Ditka told the Chicago Tribune. Ditka was playing cards at a country club when he found his hands "weren't working quite right." He then had problems speaking, the newspaper reported. ESPN says it expects the coach to return to broadcasts soon. Ditka is a Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl winning coach who has been with ESPN since 2004. He is only the second person to win the Super Bowl as a player, assistant coach and head coach, according to a biography by the speaker's bureau that represents him.	NFL legend Mike Ditka suffered a stroke on Friday . "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," he tells the  Chicago Tribune . ESPN expects Super Bowl winner to return to broadcasts soon .
By . Mike Dawes . Great Britain's Jordanne Whiley won her first Wimbledon title as she and wheelchair women's doubles partner Yui Kamiji closed in on a calendar Grand Slam of all four majors. The 22-year-old from Halesowen and 20-year-old Japanese player Kamiji were 2-6 6-2 7-5 winners on Court 17 against the Dutch pairing of Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot. Winners: Jordanne Whiley of Great Britain (left) and Yui Kamiji of Japan won Ladies' Wheelchair Doubles . Closing in: Whiley says 'there's pressure now because we're three-quarters of the way to a Grand Slam' Whiley and Kamiji have already won the Australian Open and French Open titles this year and will head to New York in September aiming to add the US Open to complete a sweep of the slams. From 5-3 in front in the deciding set, Whiley and Kamiji dropped their next service game to put the set back on serve, but they seized a further break in going on to clinch the trophy, earning shared prize money of £12,000.	Whiley wins first Wimbledon title with partner Yui Kamiji . The pair close in on calendar Grand Slam after three-set victory .
By . Toby Harnden . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 13 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:07 EST, 13 August 2012 . Democrats are claiming that America’s elderly will have to choose ‘between medicine and meals’ if Mitt Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan unseat President Barack Obama in November. The emotive message, which is also pushed in a new Obama campaign internet ad, is designed to paint Ryan, who has tabled proposals for reforming the Medicare programme for the elderly, as a callous extremist. Debbie Wasserman Shultz, chair of the Democratic National Committee, told CNN that electing Romney and Ryan would ‘force us back to the days’ when seniors were ‘choosing between medicine and meals…choosing between healthcare and paying their rent’. Scroll down for videos . Dramatic: Debbie Wasserman Shultz (left) defended Obama (right), saying that electing Romney and Ryan would force seniors to ‘choose between medicine and meals' The rush to define the Republican . congressman from Wisconsin could be decisive in Florida, a virtual . must-win swing state for Romney and home to 3.3 million senior citizens . who vote in disproportionately high numbers. Wasserman Schultz, a Florida congresswoman, denied she was being dramatic. ‘If you go back to before Medicare was a safety net in place for our seniors, you had seniors who were not able to pay for their own health care needs, whose children went medically bankrupt trying to care for them.’ The charge is based on Ryan’s budget reform plan that would gradually increase the Medicare eligibility age to 67, starting in 2023, and replace the current system with one based on vouchers. Truth team: The advert features Florida residents discussing what they think of Romney and Ryan . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. In . a web ad sure to be followed by a television blitz, the Obama campaign . presented a number of older Floridians bemoaning what they said was . Ryan’s plan to end Medicare and makes the same claim Wasserman Schultz . made. Controversial: The ad is an only slightly subtler version of one released last year in which a man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a wheelchair over a cliff . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. The ad is an only slightly subtler . version of one produced by the liberal Agenda Project last year. In it, a . slim, dark-suited man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a . wheelchair to a rocky ledge and tips her over it so she plunges to her . death. At the end, the ad . asks ‘Is America Beautiful without Medicare?’ and gives out the phone . number of Ryan’s office, urging voters to ‘ask Paul Ryan and his friends . in Congress’. The ad ran in Ohio, Florida, Colorado and Ryan’s home . state Wisconsin. Fighting: The ad attacks US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (right) and his vice presidential running mate Paul Ryan (left) In their first joint interview, with CBS News, Romney and Ryan defends their stance on Medicare. Ryan said: ‘My mom is a Medicare senior in Florida. ‘Our point is we need to preserve their benefits, because government made promises to them that they've organised their retirements around. In order to make sure we can do that, you must reform it for those of us who are younger. And we think these reforms are good reforms.’ Romney said: ‘There's only one president that I know of in history that robbed Medicare, $716 billion to pay for a new risky program of his own that we call Obamacare. ‘What Paul Ryan and I have talked about is saving Medicare, is providing people greater choice in Medicare, making sure it's there for current seniors. No changes, by the way, for current seniors, or those nearing retirement. Battle: Romney's campaign has released ads criticising Obama . But looking for young people down the road and saying, “We're going to give you a bigger choice”. In America, the nature of this country has been giving people more freedom, more choices. That's how we make Medicare work down the road.’ Wasserman Schultz said that she had not one but two parents living in Florida and on Medicare. ‘Both my parents are on Medicare and live in Florida too and I can tell you that my parents and hundreds of thousands of seniors that I represent are deeply concerned that Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney want to turn Medicare into a voucher programme.’ Medicare, she said, was ‘a guarantee for seniors that there is going to be a safety net through which we’re not going to allow them to fall’. Romney and Ryan had ‘embraced ending that guarantee – Paul Ryan’s the architect of ending it’. Watch the videos here: .	Designed to paint Ryan as a callous extremist . Implys that if Romney is elected Medicare programmed would be jettisoned . Voting for for Ryan would force seniors to 'choose between medicine and meals' Debbie Wasserman Shultz said .
(CNN) -- A Brazilian cameraman died in a Rio de Janeiro slum while covering a police raid targeting organized drug militias, police said Sunday. Gelson Domingos da Silva, 46, worked for Band TV, a CNN affiliate. He was filming a large-scale incursion by a Brazilian Special Operations Unit (BOPE) into a "favela," the Portuguese word for shantytown, or slum, when he was shot in the chest, Rio de Janeiro police said in a statement. "The Military Police deeply regrets the death of cameraman, Gelson Domingos da Silva, while expressing the most sincere sympathy to the family and all media professionals," police said. According to a Band TV press release, da Silva was covering the operation in the Antares favela, west of Rio, as an "embedded" photographer with Rio police. Da Silva was wearing a bullet-proof vest certified by the Brazilian Armed Forces, often used by Band employees during these types of assignments, Band TV said. He was taken to a local emergency hospital but did not survive the gunshot wounds, Band TV reported. Rio de Janeiro police said the operation began early Sunday morning after intelligence reports indicated that drug lords and heavily armed groups were gathering at that site. Police said four alleged drug dealers were killed in the operation, and weapons and drugs were seized. Dramatic images of da Silva's last moments are being shown in Brazilian media, reminding Brazilians of how dangerous it has become for journalists to cover the drug war. The Committee to Protect Journalists has "documented an alarming rise in lethal violence (against journalists) in Brazil in 2011," the group said on its website. "Four other Brazilian journalists have been killed this year, and a blogger shot and wounded," CPJ reported. "While Brazilian authorities have had success in prosecuting journalist murders, winning several convictions in recent years, the country still sees persistent anti-press violence. The October 2010 murder of a muckraking radio reporter became the country's fifth unsolved case in the past decade," CPJ reported. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	A Brazilian cameraman died while filming a gun battle between police and alleged drug dealers . Police launched a massive operation in a slum in Rio de Janeiro . CPJ: There's been an increase in violence against journalists in Brazil .
The one billionth download of a digital single in the UK took place last night. According to the Official Charts Company, the UK reached the milestone thanks to artists such as Adele and Maroon 5. The company's figures show that Adele's Someone Like You is the most downloaded track ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.46 million times. Adele's Someone Like You is the most downloaded song ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.46 million times . Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, says that 16 tracks have now been downloaded more than a million times . 1. Someone Like You - Adele . 2. Moves Like Jagger - Maroon 5 feat. Christina Aguilera . 3. Somebody That I Used To Know - Gotye feat. Kimbra . 4. I Gotta Feeling - Black Eyed Peas . 5. We Found Love - Rihanna feat. Calvin Harris . 6. Sex On Fire - Kings of Leon . 7. Call Me Maybe - Carly Rae Jepsen . 8. Party Rock Anthem - LMFAO feat. Lauren Bennett and GoonRock . 9. Just The Way You Are (Amazing) - Bruno Mars . 10. Price Tag - Jessie J . Maroon 5 featuring Christina Aguilera with Moves Like Jagger is the second most downloaded song ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.4 million times. Gotye featuring Kimbra with Somebody That I used To Know is the third most downloaded track in the UK - 1.38 million downloads - and the Black Eyed Peas’ I Gotta Feeling is fourth with 1.34 million downloads. We Found Love by Rihanna featuring Calvin Harris, Sex on Fire by Kings of Leon, Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen, and Price Tag by Jessie J also made the top ten. As did Just The Way You Are (Amazing) by Bruno Mars and Party Rock Anthem by LMFAO featuring Lauren Bennett and GoonRock. Downloading took off in a big way in 2004, the same year that a separate sales chart was launched, and figures went on to be included in the main singles chart the following year. More than three million singles are now downloaded each week in the UK. Chief executive of the British Phonographic Industry, Geoff Taylor, said: ‘The digital music revolution has made it easy to buy any song you like, instantly, for half the price of a coffee. Downloading took off in a big way in 2004 and now more than three million singles are downloaded each week in the UK . ‘As fans increasingly download music on the move, tablets, smartphones and connected cars will drive another phase in digital music's expansion.’ Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, added: ‘The explosion in download sales over the past nine years means we are genuinely now living in the digital music age - with Adele as our queen. ‘Over the nine years of legitimate digital music, more than 16 new tracks have sold one million copies, which emphasises just how popular digital music is in the modern age.’ Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, says that 16 tracks have now been downloaded more than a million times .	The one billionth download of a digital single in the UK took place last night . The most downloaded track ever in the UK is Adele's Someone Like You . Second is Maroon 5 featuring Christina Aguilera with Moves Like Jagger .
Fashionable anti-cancer superfoods and supplements do not prevent the disease and may even cause it, according to a scientist who helped discover the structure of DNA. James Watson said the cure for many cancers will remain elusive unless scientists rethink the role of antioxidants, which include vitamin pills and food such as blueberries and broccoli. It is widely believed they boost health and fight cancer by mopping up oxygen molecules called free radicals. But Dr Watson argues these may be key to preventing and treating cancer – and depleting the body of them may be counter-productive. Counter productive? It is widely believed foods such as blueberries, left, and broccoli, right, help boost health and fight cancer by mopping up oxygen molecules called free radicals . Free radicals not only help keep diseased cells under control, they are also pivotal in making many cancer drugs, as well as radiotherapy, effective, he believes. Writing in a journal published by the Royal Society, the 84-year-old Nobel laureate stated that antioxidants ‘may have caused more cancers than they have prevented’. ‘For as long as I have been focused on the curing of cancer, well-intentioned individuals have been consuming antioxidative nutritional supplements as cancer preventatives, if not actual therapies,’ he said. ‘In light of recent data strongly hinting that much of late-stage cancer’s untreatability may arise from its possession of too many antioxidants, the time has come to seriously ask whether antioxidant use much more likely causes than prevents cancer.’ He said a vast number of studies had found antioxidants including vitamins A, C and E and the mineral selenium, to have ‘no obvious effectiveness’ in preventing stomach cancer or in lengthening life. Instead, they seem to slightly shorten the lives of those who take them, and vitamin E may be particularly dangerous. The American, who describes his theory as among his most important work since the DNA breakthrough with British colleague Francis Crick in 1953, said blueberries may taste good but give no protection against cancer. The study by Dr Watson,  based at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York, is published in the journal Open Biology. He has caused uproar in the past with his opinions on race, intelligence, beauty and homosexuality. Professor Nic Jones, of Cancer Research UK, agreed that studies showed antioxidants were ineffective for cancer prevention in healthy people and can even slightly increase the risk of the disease. He said vitamins and minerals should be obtained through a healthy and balanced diet.	It is widely believed that superfoods like blueberries and broccoli help fight cancer by defending against oxygen molecules called free radicals . Dr James Watson has now said such free radicals may be key to preventing and treating cancer . The 84-year-old Nobel laureate has said antioxidants 'may have caused more cancers than they have prevented'
This shocking CCTV footage shows a callous owner punching his dog in the head four times. The RSPCA, who released the clip, are hunting the man after the incident in Norwich earlier this month. The video shows the dog sitting on the pavement before his owner approaches and bends, appearing to secure a lead on his pet's collar. He then suddenly launches into the vicious attack, punching the dog 'with considerable force' four times - before calming crossing the road. Scroll down for video . The shocking CCTV footage caught a callous owner punching his dog in the head 'with considerable force' The clip shows the man approach the dog and appear to secure a lead, before punching the animal four times . RSPCA inspector Laura Sayer said: 'You can clearly see the dog being punched in the head with some considerable force, several times. 'The dog shows clear signs of fear and we are very concerned about his or her welfare.' The incident happened in Jex Road, Norwich, at about 1.30pm on February 9. The dog was wondering loose and the man can be seen reaching down to put a lead on the collar before launching the attack. The charity does not know the dog's breed, but think it is a bull-type with white markings on the front leg and chest. Anyone with information should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018. The dog's breed is unknown, but the RSPCA thinks it's a bull-type with markings on the front leg and chest . The RSPCA, who released the clip, are hunting the man as they are 'very concerned' about the dog's welfare .	Animal protection officers are hunting the man after incident in Norwich . Owners is seen repeatedly punching his dog 'with considerable force' It happened in Jex Road, Norwich, at about 1.30pm on February 9 . Anyone with information should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018 .
Winter was coming, but for many HBO Go users, it didn't arrive Sunday night as expected. A rush of viewers onto the cable network's mobile streaming app for the season premiere of "Game of Thrones" caused it to crash, making it inaccessible for many. "HBO Go did experience issues due to overwhelming demand around the premiere of Game of Thrones," the network said in a statement. HBO is a subsidiary of Time Warner, which also owns CNN. The Internet, as might be expected, was less than thrilled. "You had one job, HBO Go ... ," wrote M.G. Siegler, a partner at Google Ventures, in a series of tweets that included an image of his screen with the persistent "Accessing HBO Go" message. It's the second time in less than a month that the app has been clobbered by heavy demand. The March 9 finale of HBO's "True Detective" saw lots of users similarly denied access. Sunday night's problems were cleared up by 1 a.m. ET Monday -- or about the time "Game of Thrones" was finishing up on the West Coast. "Thanks for your patience #GOT fans. The service is now restored," HBO posted on its Twitter account for HBO Go. While much of the social-media outcry involved Red Wedding-worthy wailing, some folks were joking about another issue that's widely suspected but hard to quantify. "So, like, at least 90 percent of the people trying to watch HBO GO instead of watching GOT on TV are using somebody else's login, right?" tweeted Linda Holmes, a writer for NPR's pop culture blog, Monkey See. Walter Hickey, a lifestyle writer for FiveThirtyEight, joked -- we think -- about that very thing. "Hey, come on HBO Go," he wrote, "one of my roommate's parents [grandparents?] are paying good money for this."	HBO Go crashed for many during Sunday's "Game of Thrones" season premiere . Service was restored by early Monday morning . Some speculated that nonsubscribers were part of the problem .
(CNN) -- Few television specials capture the magic and fun of Halloween like the animated classic "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown." In case it's been awhile, the 45-year-old hit follows Linus' quest to connect with the Great Pumpkin, a Santa-like gift-giver, in spite of everyone's biting disbelief. Meanwhile, like a little Rodney Dangerfield, Charlie Brown gets a lot more disrespect and more tricks than treats like only he can. As it has for the past 10 years, ABC will be broadcasting "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" at 8 p.m. Thursday October 27, making it just one of the tasty treats couch potatoes can anticipate. But all the offerings aren't cute and cuddly and for those looking for chills, there are a handful of scary choices that will have you screaming up a storm. Read on for more titles: . 'Truth or Scare' (Halloween marathon 3-7 p.m. Friday, October 28; repeating 1-3 p.m. Monday, October 31, The Hub): . Host Michelle Trachtenberg ("Buffy the Vampire Slayer") goes deep to explore haunted houses, mythical beasts, and ancient legends around the globe in a scary bunch of "Truth or Scare" episodes that will delight the whole family. 'Halloween H2O: 20 Years Later' (8 p.m. Friday, October 28, AMC): . Get ready to scream when Michael Myers and Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) return for the series' seventh installment. The 1998 film is a part of AMC's annual "Fearfest." The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead" airing 9 p.m. Sunday, October 30. In it, a mob of hungry zombies continues to trap poor Shane (Jon Bernthal) in a school . 'Grimm' (debuts 9 p.m. Friday October 28, NBC): . Detective Nick Burkhardt (David Giuntoli, "Turn The Beat Around") discovers he is a descendant of the Grimms, an elite line of profilers charged with keeping the balance between humanity and mythological creatures. In his first case, Nick must stop a big, bad wolf from killing girls in red. 'The Dead Files' (10 p.m. Friday October 28, Travel Channel): . Hosts Amy Allan and Steve Di Schiavi investigate a historic Florida hotel where the owners and guests have been tormented by frighteningly real visions. 'Possessing Piper Rose' (9 p.m. Saturday, October 29, Lifetime): . Rebecca Romijn ("Ugly Betty" and "X-Men") plays a woman who adopts a little girl. That's innocent enough, right? Too bad the little girl's deceased mom is a ghostly stalker. 'The Good Witch's Family' (9 p.m. Saturday October 29, Hallmark Channel): . Catherine Bell ("Army Wives" and "JAG") is back to charm more viewers. In the fourth installment of the Hallmark Channel's highest rated movie series, Cassandra (Bell) meets a woman who says she's a long lost relative. 'Bucket & Sinner's Epic Adventures' (9:30 p.m. Saturday, October 29, Nickelodeon): . In an episode titled "Epic Haunting," Bucket and Skinner's latest plan to achieve epic status has them spending the night in an infamously haunted house. 'The Simpsons' (8 p.m. Sunday, October 30, Fox): . Everyone's favorite animated family will kick off its 22nd annual "Treehouse of Horror" episode. The funny installment features three spine-chilling tales with sidesplitting nods to "The Diving Bell and Butterfly," "Avatar" and "Dexter." Expect equally creepy and fun episodes from "Family Guy" and "The Cleveland Show" later that night. 'The Sing Off' (8 p.m. Monday October 31, NBC): . The remaining a cappella groups continue to compete. But the haunted holiday twist has them singing spooky hits including "Werewolves of London" and "Ghostbusters." 'The Nate Berkus Show' (Monday, October 31, syndicated, check your local listings for times and stations): . Home guru Nate Berkus and HGTV's Dina Manzo, formerly of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey," create the ultimate Halloween table top in time for the holiday.	'It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown,' there is also scarie . "Halloween H2O: 20 Years Later" is just one of the offerings on TV . The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead"
By . Associated  Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:21 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:03 EST, 30 November 2013 . Two Fargo radio personalities who photographed the remains of western North Dakota's pioneer towns for a coffee table book discovered a surprise when they returned for volume two. Some of the 'ghost' towns had come back to life, thanks largely to the oil boom.One of the images that Troy Larson and Terry Hinnenkamp had hoped to capture for the second volume of 'Ghosts of North Dakota' was an abandoned church in Fortuna, near the borders of Montana and Saskatchewan. Circled: This photo provided by Terry Hinnenkamp shows an abandoned one-room school house in Clear Lake Township in Kidder County, North Dakota, featured in the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' Witching: Leann Pelvit searches for forgotten graves using an ancient method called 'witching' along the Dakota-Montana border to protect them from being disturbed in the explosion of development spurred by the region's oil boom . When they arrived, they found a recreational vehicle and semi-trailer parked in front of the building, ruling out a photo shoot. And then there's nearby Appam, which was featured in the first edition. The pair was surprised to find about 30 recreational vehicles and trailers set up behind a shelter belt that once guarded the town. 'We were shocked to see that some of the towns we photographed in 2005 or 2006 had people living there now,' Larson said. 'We always said it would be a happy day when we could say one of these towns turned the corner and starting coming back. We didn't expect it to happen like this.' New growth: A tree grows through a derelict vehicle near the old ghost town of Dore which has seen an economic and population turnaround with increased oil activity in the North Dakota region . Relic: This abandoned house photographed by Troy Larson for the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' is located near Barton, North Dakota, in the northern part of the state . Larson knows that the rebirth is temporary and might be the makings of future ghost town photos. 'If we're still above the ground, because Lord knows how long the boom will last out there, we fully intend to go back out there and photograph what is left,' Larson said. 'It would be a very different type of ghost town. What is a man camp going to look like when nobody is left? Will there even be a man camp?' Rebirth: The former school superintendent's house on the east side of Omemee, North Dakota, an area where nearly 150 people from 28 states, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have purchased property in this ghost town on auction sites like eBay . New boom: A donkey pump extracts  oil from the earth at an abandoned farm near the old ghost town of Dore, North Dakota, which  Dore has seen a rebirth with the booming oil activity in western North Dakota . The second edition is 88 pages and features towns such as Bantry, Barton and Bentley, along with Raleigh, Roseville and Roth. Larson's favorite photographs are one he took of a house in Sims, which is featured on the cover, and one by Hinnenkamp of a one-room schoolhouse in Clear Lake Township that is surrounded by rings of crops on a foggy morning. The Sims house: This abandoned house in Sims, North Dakota is featured on the cover of the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' which documents ghost towns throughout the state . 'There was no way we could have known there was going to be a crop circle around the school house or it was going to be all foggy and misty when we showed up there,' Larson said. 'It seemed like the shot was just presenting itself to us when we got there.' The first book has sold about 3,000 copies, Larson said, and the pair had to back-order more books to meet demand. That allowed them to finance the second volume, which is available on the group's website. 'Being able to do one book was more than we hoped for, to be honest,' Larson said. 'We're poor radio guys and never had the money to do a book. We were pleasantly surprised that we were successful and it all worked out.'	Troy Larson and Terry Hinnenkamp photographed abandoned towns for a coffee table book . They recently returned to create second volume of the book . Some of the towns that used to be abandoned now have people living in them .
(CNN Student News) -- September 9, 2011 . Download PDF map related to today's show: . • New York City; Shanksville, Pennsylvania; Arlington, Virginia . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.	The daily transcript is a written version of each day's CNN Student News program . Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News .
Security guards have clashed with asylum seekers on hunger strike at the Manus Island Detention Centre, refugee advocates say. The  reports come hours after new immigration minister Peter Dutton warned the situation at the camp is volatile, and urged protesters to stop harming themselves. Refugee Action Coalition (RAC) spokesman Ian Rintoul says about 300 asylum seekers are on a hunger strike, about 40 have stitched their lips together,four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades. Security guards have clashed with asylum seekers on hunger strike at the Manus Island Detention Centre, refugee advocates say . According to the ABC, there were people standing outside the centre encouraging the behaviour and telling the protesters their actions would get them into Australia. The news site said they have videos from inside the detention centre showing what appeared to be two men being taken away on stretchers . Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said the asylum seekers should dismiss this advice as this will not get them in to Australia any faster. The reports come hours after new immigration minister Peter Dutton warned the situation at the camp is volatile, and urged protesters to stop harming themselves . Refugee Action Coalition (RAC) spokesman Ian Rintoul says about 300 asylum seekers are on a hunger strike, about 40 have stitched their lips together,four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades . 'I'm very concerned that somehow people are conveying a message that through non-compliant behaviour, by refusing to take food or water that somehow that behaviour will change the outcome for those individual cases in terms of their desire to be settled in Australia,' he said. 'If people are acting on that advice they should dismiss that advice.' Ian Rintoul said guards entered the Delta compound about 4pm on Friday, with some asylum seekers reporting they had been attacked. According to the ABC , there were people standing outside the centre encouraging the behaviour and telling the protesters their actions would get them into Australia . The news site said they have videos from inside the detention centre showing what appeared to be two men being taken away on stretcher . The government has not commented on the claims. Mr Dutton earlier said he was confident appropriate action was being taken to deal with the circumstances on Manus Island as they unfolded. He said he was worried about developments over the last 24 hours. Ian Rintoul said guards entered the Delta compound about 4pm on Friday, with some asylum seekers reporting they had been attacked . Mr Dutton earlier said he was confident appropriate action was being taken to deal with the circumstances on Manus Island as they unfolded. He said he was worried about developments over the last 24 hours . Mr Dutton would not comment on individual cases, but said authorities were providing medical assistance and offers of support . 'I'm concerned about what I've learnt in the last hour or so. And the situation is volatile, there's no question about that,' Mr Dutton told reporters on the Gold Coast on Friday. It is the biggest protest at the centre since fatal riots in February last year. Mr Dutton would not comment on individual cases, but said authorities were providing medical assistance and offers of support. The protests began after the immigration department threatened to force 50 refugees to move to insecure accommodation at the Lorengau settlement on Manus, the RAC says . Mr Rintoul said PNG was not safe and its government had no political will to allow secure resettlement in PNG . The protests began after the immigration department threatened to force 50 refugees to move to insecure accommodation at the Lorengau settlement on Manus, the RAC says. Mr Rintoul said PNG was not safe and its government had no political will to allow secure resettlement in PNG. 'The government should call off the threat to forcibly move refugees on January 22,' he said. Mr Dutton said he wanted to make it clear that, even though he had taken over from Scott Morrison, the Australian government's position on border protection had not changed . No one who arrived by boat without a visa would be settled in Australia, he said . 'All the asylum seekers and refugees should be brought to Australia where their processing and resettlement can be guaranteed.' Mr Dutton said he wanted to make it clear that, even though he had taken over from Scott Morrison, the Australian government's position on border protection had not changed. No one who arrived by boat without a visa would be settled in Australia, he said. There were previous reports of unrest on the island in December after reports emerged that detainees were in protest over their disgusting living conditions . Of the 1200 detainees on the island, only 13 of them had been processed and given visas in the 17 months they had been there, leading to massive protests and brawls on Manus Island . 'That remains absolutely the case.' There were previous reports of unrest on the island in December after reports emerged that detainees were in protest over their disgusting living conditions. Of the 1200 detainees on the island, only 13 of them had been processed and given visas in the  17 months they had been there, leading to massive protests and brawls on Manus Island. It is believed that the 13 people who were granted a temporary visa are required to reapply annually and are expected to live off $46 a week, until they find a job.	Security guards have reportedly clashed with asylum seekers on Manus Island . The immigration minister has warned that the situation is volatile . 300 asylum seekers are on hunger strike . 40 protesters have sewn their lips together and . Four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades .
(CNN) -- Photography-wise, you really can't go wrong in a national park or a big city. They "tend to be the best places to photograph," says Gary Arndt, a blogger and photographer who sold his house in 2007 and has been roaming the globe ever since. The Society of American Travel Writers named him 2014 Photographer of the Year, and he has already visited 25 countries this year. This week, Arndt will surpass mile 11,000 of this summer's North American odyssey. Arndt has picked more than 20 of the most photogenic spots he's visited to highlight on Pinterest. A selection is featured in the gallery above. Visually rich and undeniably gorgeous, these American destinations are ripe for photographers of all skill levels. "If you go to the Grand Canyon, it's pretty hard to screw up," Arndt said. Here are three tips from Arndt to get you started: . -- You don't have to be in the photo. "Everybody wants to have a picture of themself in front of something, no matter what that something is." The majority of the most interesting travel shots are not the proof-of-visit variety. -- Avoid shooting in the middle of the day. "You want to try to take your photos within say, two hours of sunrise or sunset," Arndt said. There are exceptions to every rule, but these hours tend to yield the best shots in most situations. -- A little familiarity with your camera goes a long way. You don't need to master every setting and the science behind it, but definitely "experiment a little bit before you go somewhere." Don't let technical difficulties get in the way of your chance to capture something truly spectacular. 50 states, 50 spots: Natural wonders .	Travel photographer shares his picks for the most photogenic spots in America . "If you go to the Grand Canyon, it's pretty hard to screw up," he says . Avoid shooting in the middle of the day for the best light, he suggests .
(CNN) -- By the time police officers reached the swimmer floating off a New Zealand beach, it was already too late: a large shark was biting the lifeless body. The attack took place off a popular beach west of Auckland on Wednesday afternoon, police said, as people gathered there to enjoy the summer sunshine. The victim was a man in his 40s. He was swimming 200 meters (220 yards) offshore near Muriwai Beach, about 25 kilometers (15 miles) from central Auckland when the 12-to-14-foot shark struck. "We saw him rolling around, there was blood everywhere on the water," Pio Mose, who was fishing nearby, told local broadcaster 3 News. Mose said he believed at least two other sharks had joined in the frenzy around the body after a few minutes. The shark that attacked the swimmer was a great white, according to Russell Clark, a paramedic from the Westpac Rescue Helicopter service, which responded to the emergency at the beach. Police officers and life guards on the scene went out in inflatable boats. When they fired at the shark they saw by the body, it "rolled over and disappeared," said Inspector Shawn Rutene. Following the death, police closed the beach and several others nearby. Auckland Council said it expected the area to remain closed for the next few days. Shark attacks kill about 25 people a year worldwide, according to the New Zealand Department of Conservation. However, fatal attacks in the country's beaches have been rare. There have been fewer than 20 shark attack deaths in more than 175 years in New Zealand, the agency said. Twitter users expressed their condolences to the victim's family. Others worried about the risk of more attacks. "Shark attack at Muriwai!!" exclaimed a user named Aaron Jeavons. "Won't be swimming there again!" Report: Shark attacks up .	NEW: "There was blood everywhere," an eyewitness says . A swimmer in his 40s is attacked about 200 meters offshore, police say . Police fire at the shark to get it away from the body . The attack took place at Muriwai Beach, west of Auckland .
A tiny piglet had to be saved from the waves after it escaped onto a beach and swam 150 yards out to sea. The RSPCA was called after the baby pig became stuck at the top of a cliff above Covehithe beach in Suffolk. By the time officers arrived, the three-week old animal had tumbled down to the beach and, when rescuers approached, made a dash into the waves. Saved his bacon: A tiny piglet had to be saved from the waves by RSPCA inspector Jason Finch after it escaped onto a beach and swam 150 yards out to sea . This little piggie went swimming: The RSPCA was called after the baby pig became stuck at the top of a cliff above Covehithe beach in Suffolk, before tumbling down to the shoreline . RSPCA inspector Jason Finch said he made his way down to the beach to try and catch it, but it panicked and turned on its trotters and ran into the sea. He said: 'I couldn't believe it when he darted straight into the sea like that. 'He was completely unfazed by the bubbling surf and started diving up and down among the waves for ages - upwards of 10 minutes. He became a tiny black dot in the distance and at one point I thought he was heading to France. 'I was just wondering whether I would have to dive in myself when he started swimming in the more shallow end of the surf, so I just ran in and grabbed him. 'He was safe and sound and in good health - in fact he did not even seem puffed out. Far fitter than many I know.' The piglet, which weighed around 5lbs, swam out for 150 yards before turning round and heading back to shore as darkness was falling. Ahoy there!: The piglet, which weighed around 5lbs, swam out for 150 yards before turning round and heading back to shore as darkness was falling . Mr Finch was then able wade into the surf and pick it up before returning the porker to staff at Church Farm, Covehithe. The pig escaped from an arc-shaped sty where it was being reared along with its brothers and sisters in a field. It then slipped under an electric wire fence and trotted 200 yards to the cliff where it got stuck before it fell to the beach. Gill Middleditch, the wife of farmer Roger Middleditch, said: 'The piglets normally stay in their arcs with their mothers, but they sometimes climb out. 'They are mischievous little monkeys and on rare occasions they do go on walkabout. They usually stay fairly close to their mothers, but they can slip under the wire fence. 'This one obviously had quite an adventure and we are very grateful to the RSPCA for bringing it back.'	RSPCA called to rescue baby pig from top of a cliff above beach in Suffolk . By time officers arrived, three-week old animal had tumbled down to beach . The piglet then panicked and turned on its trotters and ran into the sea . The 5lbs animal swam out for 150 yards before turning round as it got dark .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:00 EST, 14 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:47 EST, 15 August 2012 . Bad reception: Chadwick Lange, 43, had just moved to Manhattan from Miami when his Maserati was stolen . A Miami real estate agent who recently moved to Manhattan didn't exactly receive a warm welcome when his Maserati was stolen over the weekend. It didn't help that he left the car running in the middle of Times Square when he hopped out to say hello to a friend. Chadwick Lange, 43, reportedly made an easy target for two thieves who posed as Maserati enthusiasts who said they wanted to take pictures of the vehicle, which retails for more than $150,000. The New York Daily News reports that Mr Lange was driving through Times Square around 4.40am on Sunday morning when he saw a friend at the corner of 47th and Broadway. 'He puts the car in park but doesn't take the keys out. His friend is there, he starts talking to him while these two guys come up to him,' an unidentified police source tells the paper. The two men take some pictures of the car, and while Mr Lange is talking to his friend, one of the men slips in the driver's seat and speeds away. Wising up quickly, Mr Lange runs after the car and the second thief who was doing the same. The car slowed down to pick up the second suspect, but sped away up Eighth Avenue too quickly for Mr Lange to catch them. Pricey: Mr Lange parked his 2008 GranTurismo Maserati, similar to the car shown, in Times Square to say hello to a friend in the early hours of Sunday morning . Middle of the city: Two men approached Mr Lange in Times Square and asked to take a picture with the expensive car and he allowed them to, but then they drove away with it . When reached by The Daily News, Mr Lange declined to comment citing the on-going police investigation and insurance claim. His car and the two suspects still remain at large. Mr Lange recently moved up to New York from Florida and though reports of the stolen car do not include his photo, his picture has been taken at several society events both in Bridgehampton and in Miami. He works as a real estate broker for both Willoughby Realty Group and Xcellence Realty Llc.	Chadwick Lange, 43, was driving his Maserati through Times Square around 4.40am Sunday morning when he saw a friend and pulled over . Two men approach him asking to take pictures with the fancy car . The men proceed to steal the car, which still had the keys inside .
By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 11:50 EST, 22 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 16:00 EST, 22 January 2014 . Andrew Woodhouse, 44, was today on trial accused of assaulting two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business . A businessman who attacked two thieves caught red-handed in a night-time raid was arrested after defending his property, a court has heard. Andrew Woodhouse, 44, was today on trial facing assault charges on the two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business. A jury heard how Woodhouse grabbed a fence post one was carrying as a weapon - and used it to fight back against them. The father-of-five - who says he has repeatedly been a victim of crime at his gardening company - kept hold of the two burglars until police arrived. But the court was told it was Woodhouse who was then arrested and accused of using excessive force. The thieves ended up with £75 fines - but businessman Woodhouse could face a prison sentence if he is found guilty of attacking them. Defence lawyer Andrew Taylor said: 'These thieves thought they would have nice easy pickings that night. 'Many people would have given up and just claimed on their insurance but Mr Woodhouse is made of sterner stuff. 'He showed stoicism, courage and fitness to chase them. One of the men was armed and went to attack him. He acted in lawful self-defence. 'He agrees the red mist came down which you can understand when his business has almost been wiped out by crime. 'If it hadn’t been for him these men . would not have been caught. Where are we in society when a person cannot . act in self-defence to protect his property. That is what Mr Woodhouse . was doing.' Woodhouse chased Kevin Green (left) and left him with two broken legs and a broken arm, the court heard. He then allegedly rugby-tackled Timothy Cross (right) and lay on top of him until police arrived . Kevin Green, 53, and Timothy Cross, 32, tried to escape into a neighbouring field with jerry cans full of stolen fuel, the court heard. But Woodhouse chased Green - and caught him near their getaway car. The court heard he then attacked Green leaving him with two broken legs and a broken arm. The court heard he then chased Cross before rugby-tackling him. He lay on top of the raider until police arrived. Prosecutor James Wilson said: 'When he saw his hard-earned money carted off by a couple of ne’er-do-wells, he gave chase in anger intending to injure them.' Mr Wilson described it an 'unreasonable and unlawful assault.' He said: 'It was not reasonable self-defence. Mr Woodhouse lost his temper and went over the top. Woodhouse denies grievous bodily harm and grievous bodily harm with intent . 'He is a hard-working businessman but he has let his frustration get the better of him. He lost it.' The court heard how Woodhouse gave police a full account of how he fought with the two raiders like a 'mad man'. He said: 'I swore at the men and grabbed one of them, I then felt a blow to my hand and shoulder and began grappling with them. 'If it hadn’t been for him these men . would not have been caught. Where are we in society when a person cannot . act in self-defence to protect his property. That is what Mr Woodhouse . was doing' - Defence lawyer Andrew Taylor . 'I was pushed over and then I grabbed something from one of their hands which felt like a wooden fence post. 'I didn’t want to be on the floor with someone hitting me with the wood like that. 'I swung out like a mad man between six and ten times. I was just lashing out man, I was hitting as hard as I could.' Woodhouse said he was 'gutted and sickened' to learn the extent of Green’s injuries. Woodhouse was woken in the middle of the night by a text message telling him a burglar alarm had gone off at the tyre yard where he runs his business. Married Woodhouse was in bed with his wife Lisa at their detached home in the village of Govilon, near Abergavenny, when his burglar alarm went off at about 12.30am. Green and Cross (pictured) were charged with theft and later given £75 fines by magistrates . The alarm is fitted to his business premises on an industrial estate a mile from his six-bedroom £350,000 home. Woodhouse drove to the premises where he disturbed two men stealing diesel from his machinery. A court heard how his wife drove to the scene to help him and she called the police to come and arrest the thieves. She told the court: 'I knew something was wrong when he didn’t ring me after leaving the house. 'When I drove there myself, I saw him lying on the floor with the second chap. He was holding him and shouting at me to ring the police.' The court heard officers found Green lying injured under a blanket - and Cross claiming the businessmen had gone 'over the top'. PC Aime McSherry said: 'I asked him what happened. 'He said: “I been nicking diesel and some bloke has beaten me up with a stick and broken my legs and my arm. I need an ambulance”.' Green claimed he was left in 'terrible pain' - and that Woodhouse kicked him in the ribs and punched him in the face. The court heard he is still using crutches ten months after the incident in March last year. Woodhouse employs six staff including two of his sons at the family business, which was set up 20 years ago. He had been targeted by thieves in recent years who took between £15,000 and £25,000 of machinery. The court heard how he didn’t feel like officers had given him enough assistance when he had been the victim of crime. Green and Cross were charged with theft and later given £75 fines by magistrates. Woodhouse denies grievous bodily harm and grievous bodily harm with intent. The trial at Cardiff Crown Court continues.	Andrew Woodhouse on trial facing assault charges on two raiders . The 44-year-old businessman denies GBH and GBH with intent . Kevin Green and Timothy Cross ended up with £75 fines for theft . Woodhouse caught Green and, court hears . Jury heard he rugby-tackled Cross and laid on top of him until police arrived . He was arrested and accused of using excessive force .
Head-to-toe feathers, foiled onesies and thousand-pound dresses; it's just another day on the catwalk at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week. Kicking off proceedings today was feather specialist, Serkan Cura, with a collection that wouldn't look out of place in Big Bird's wardrobe. The exotic spring/summer 2015 collection was certainly flamboyant and served up goose-feathered coats in an array of bright colours. But the daring designer didn't stop at just coats. Feather specialist, Serkan Cura, unveiled a collection that wouldn't look out of place in Big Bird's wardrobe today in Paris . Vibrant feather-covered boots, crop tops and shorts hit the runway, too. Gowns were inspired by the Charleston and came in fluffy ostrich feathers in bold reds, powder blues and mustards. The Belgian couturier and Jean Paul Gaultier alumni is best known for his fantastic feather creations but that's by no means the only material he can work with. The exotic SS15 collection  served up goose-feather crop tops, knickers and boots, left, metallic as well as see-through silver trousers and high-necked jackets, and even Barbarella-style foil metallic jumpsuits worn with embellished corsets and glam-rock platform boots . The flesh-baring pieces, fun feathered backpacks and sheer shirts wouldn't look out of place in Miley Cyrus's wardrobe . Elsewhere in his show, models wore metallic foiled jumpsuits, structured raffia dresses and sheer crop tops. Over at Zuhair Murad was a whole different story. The Beirut-based Lebanese fashion designer, who is loved by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Jennifer Lopez, sent models down the runway in beautifully embellished floral tulle gowns. The ethereal gowns, which were decorated with blush pink rosebuds and smatterings of sparkle, will no doubt be gracing the Oscar red carpet next year. The ornate gowns were sometimes slashed from the chest to the naval, but the long sleeves and floor-length hemlines kept a certain conservatism about them. Zuhair Murad, who is loved by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Jennifer Lopez, sent models down the runway in  embellished floral tulle gowns . The ornate gowns featured sheer skirts, left, sparkling embellishment, centre, and necklines slashed to the navel teamed with full skirts (right) The Ralph & Russo runway was a similar story. Watched from the front row by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and her husband, the designers aimed to capture the Goddess of Spring with a majestic collection that they say symbolised nature’s regenerative powers. For SS15, the Ralph & Russo muse is an 'exultant deity, whose gifts lend themselves to delight', they say. Acclaimed for its excellence in craftsmanship, the maison de couture aims to inspire with eye-catching embellishment, such as petal appliqué and pearl embroidery; the devil really is in the detail. The colour palette - crisp and most sophisticated - was full of pomegranate pinks, soft mints and cornflower blues. The collection, above all, aims to flatter the female form thanks to sheaths of organza, which promise to hug the figure in all the right places. The show saw the models metamorphose into fairies and nymphs, gracefully collecting blossoms in their structured collars or scattering buds into the folds of their gowns - and Mrs Fernandez-Versini seemed most impressed. Watched from the front row by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and her husband,  Ralph & Russo created a dreamlike, majestic collection . The designers were inspired by the 'goddess of spring' with detail such as blue and white petal appliqué and pearl embroidery sewn to Fifties-style dresses, left, stunning old Hollywood-style gowns with glamorous evening coats, centre, and flirty tulle-lined strapless dresses (right) The colour palette was full of pearl greys, left, pomegranate pinks, soft mints, purples and cornflower blues, right . A model wears the bridal gown closing the Ralph & Russo show in a dramatic finale . The graceful show saw the models metamorphose into fairies and nymphs in dazzling gowns that showcased the best of eveningwear design . Acclaimed model Lindsey Wixson walks the runway in some questionable headgear a the Jean Paul Gaultier show . Lebanese designer Georges Chakra unveiled beautifully ornate gowns with some serious movement . A model presents a creation from the Spring/Summer 2015 Haute Couture collection by Lebanese designer Georges Chakra .	Shows in world's chic capital today included Ralph & Russo, Serkan Cura and Zuhair Murad . Serkan Cura's show was full of exotic feathers and see-through metallic spacesuits . Ralph & Russo was watched by Cheryl and husband John-Bernard, who witnessed stunning embellished gowns .
Daniel Sturridge has named Thierry Henry, Ronaldo and Robbie Fowler among his goalscoring idols growing up as a kid. The Liverpool and England striker took to Instagram on Thursday to upload pictures of the trio alongside a further six heroes of his. The completed list of stellar names include Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla, Rivaldo, Gianfranco Zola, Ian Wright and Nicolas Anelka. Daniel Sturridge went on Instagram to reveal his goalscoring idols, which include Thierry Henry and Rivaldo . Sturridge's hereos include Robbie Fowler, Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla (left-hand column top to bottom), Henry as well as 1994 and 2002 Brazil World Cup winner Ronaldo (right-hand column top to bottom) Rivaldo, Ian Wright (left hand column top to bottom), Gianfranco Zola and Nicolas Anelka (right-hand column top to bottom) complete the list of the 25-year-old nine goalscoring idols . Captioning the pictures Sturridge wrote: 'Long love the idols...Fowler,bergkamp,asprilla, Ronaldo,Henry, Rivaldo,Zola,wright, Anelka... Always pay homage to those who came and conquered.' The 25-year-old will be dearly hoping to emulate Kop legend Fowler at Anfield, who scored 183 goals in 369 games, after impressing already during his 20 months at the club. Sturridge has netted 36 goals in 52 appearances for Liverpool, and is currently fighting his way back to full fitness after picking up a thigh injury on international duty earlier this month. Sturridge is currently working his way back to full fitness after suffering a thigh injury .	Daniel Sturridge has revealed his goalscoring idols as a kid on Instagram . Arsenal hero Thierry Henry and Brazil World Cup winner Rivaldo make list . Liverpool legend Robbie Fowler also is included . Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla, Ronaldo, Gianfranco Zola, Ian Wright and Nicolas Anelka complete the list of nine strikers . Sturridge has scored 36 goals in 52 Liverpool appearances to date . 25-year-old is working his way back to full fitness after a thigh injury .
London (CNN) -- The ceiling collapse that injured dozens of people at a London theater involved "no criminal act," police said Friday in an initial assessment. Police said the investigation into Thursday evening's collapse of the ceiling of London's historic Apollo Theatre, in the heart of the capital's buzzing theater district, will be continued by the Westminster City Council. Investigators combing through the wreckage want to know what caused part of the century-old structure's ornate plaster ceiling to tumble onto the crowd who packed the nearly sold-out show. Nine people were seriously hurt in the collapse, but there were no fatalities, the London Ambulance Service said Friday. "It could have been a lot worse -- there were about 720 people in the auditorium at the time, and a large area of the ceiling came down," said London Fire Brigade's Kingsland Station Manager Nick Harding. Three injured people were trapped under debris and had to be rescued by firefighters, he said. Some of the "walking wounded" were treated in neighboring theaters, he added. London Ambulance Service said it helped 79 people, 56 of whom were taken to local hospitals. Some had head and back injuries, while others had breathing problems or cuts and scrapes. Images from inside the Apollo, which opened in 1901, showed planks, plaster and other debris strewn across the dusty, red plush seats. The drama unfolded shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday, about 40 minutes into the play, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time." "One of the actors said, 'Watch out!' " said one woman. "We thought it was part of the play." It wasn't. Instead, it was part of the plaster ceiling collapsing and dropping down five stories onto the theatergoers below. 'Somebody screamed' "We heard a creak, somebody screamed, somebody from over there said, 'Look out!' and then the ceiling kind of creased in the middle and then just collapsed," said Hannah, who with her husband had snagged one of the last pairs of tickets to the performance in the 775-seat theater. Though she said she felt "slight panic," she credited those around her for keeping calm. "It wasn't every man for himself," she said, noting that several of her fellow theatergoers checked on those around them. "Everyone was looking out for each other, and in a couple of minutes, everyone was out." Martin Bostock, who was with his wife and two children, said he thought the cave-in was part of the show until something very hard hit him on the head and chaos and panic erupted. "You couldn't see across the room because of the dust, which we were all breathing in," he told CNN. "It was absolutely horrific and very terrifying. I was with my wife and two kids. Thank God, we got out." Another theatergoer, Simon Usborne, said: "My view of the stage was immediately obscured by this dust and debris -- some other people have said it was like an avalanche, and that's probably a better description." No alarm sounded, but it was clear that something serious had happened, he said. "Everybody knew that something was wrong and the fear was then that more might come down, so everybody immediately dashed for an exit -- people were screaming -- I was fortunately close to an exit," he said. Harding, who said the theater had been evacuated in a swift and orderly way, told reporters Friday it was too soon to speculate on the cause of the collapse. Some observers have speculated that heavy rain over London earlier Thursday evening might have played a part. The Apollo is on Shaftesbury Avenue near Piccadilly Circus, in London's Soho district, which is usually packed with tourists, shoppers and diners at theater time. The area around it was cordoned off after the collapse as bloodied and dust-covered theatergoers stumbled onto the street. The local London authority, Westminster City Council, said Friday morning that the Apollo Theatre's roof is now "secure," but what led it to give way was not known. Historic theaters are required to undergo rigorous roof safety checks every three years, the council said. 'A freak, unusual accident' Many people with tickets for shows over the busy holiday period will want to know that they are not at risk of falling victim to a similar offstage drama. There are nearly 50 major theaters in the West End of London, of which 26 are at least 90 years old. The Society of London Theatre, which represents the theater industry in the capital, sought Friday to reassure those alarmed by the events. "Our theatres entertain over 32,000 people in central London every night and all theatres take the safety of their audience, performers and staff very seriously," it said in a prepared statement. "Every theatre undergoes rigorous safety checks and inspections by independent experts, and incidents like last night are extremely rare." The society's president, Mark Rubinstein, told CNN on Friday there had been no warning of any problem with the Apollo's ceiling. "It was a freak, unusual accident -- we have no idea what caused it," he said. "Obviously our sympathies are with anyone who was injured or affected by it." Rubinstein said he did not anticipate the incident would affect London's "booming" theater business. "I don't expect it's going to change anything," he said. "All of the other theaters are open tonight. We are expecting business as usual. It's the holiday season, it's a very busy time of year and we expect our theaters to be full." London Mayor Boris Johnson had a similar message. "Whilst this was a serious incident, London's world renowned theatreland is open for business, and thousands of theatregoers will rightly be out and about tonight and over the weekend," he said in a prepared statement. "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time," which was adapted for the stage from the 2003 mystery novel by British writer Mark Haddon, is about a 15-year-old boy's investigation into the death of a neighborhood dog. Haddon tweeted Thursday night of his relief that the situation was no worse. "It's been horrifying sitting here watching what has been happening at the apollo this evening. I'm hugely relieved that no-one has died," he said. Performances of the play were canceled through Saturday, the Society of London Theatre said. It was not clear what would happen for future shows. Nimax Theatres, which owns the Apollo, is "working closely with the relevant authorities to establish exactly what happened," the society said. CNN's Nic Robertson reported in London; Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Tom Watkins in Atlanta. CNN's Max Foster, Antonia Mortensen and Ashleigh Cowie contributed to this report.	"It was a freak, unusual accident," says president of Society of London Theatre . Investigators start to probe what caused the Apollo Theatre's ceiling to come down . The collapse injured scores of theatergoers, some of them seriously . "It could have been a lot worse," firefighter says of the incident .
Jailed: Mark Walsh has been jailed for 20 months after he was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving . An engineer who killed a motorcyclist after driving too slowly on a motorway fought back tears as he was jailed yesterday. Mark Walsh, 43, ‘invited catastrophe’ when he braked suddenly to take a slip road, a court heard. He was travelling at less than 10mph in rushhour traffic when motorcyclist Peter Sarchet, 41, who was behind Walsh’s car, tried to stop to avoid a collision but lost control of his Yamaha. The father of three fell off his bike and slid under Walsh’s Vauxhall Insignia, where he was trapped. A passing RAC recovery driver stopped and jacked up the car to try to free Mr Sarchet, but he had suffered catastrophic injuries and was pronounced dead in hospital. When questioned by police, Walsh offered no explanation as to why he had ‘all but stopped’. He was not using his mobile phone and had simply slowed down on the M65 in Lancashire to take the  turn-off for the M61, he said. Walsh did not give evidence in his defence during the four-day trial at Burnley Crown Court last month when he was found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving. At Preston Crown Court yesterday he was jailed for 20 months and banned from driving for three years. Robert Elias, prosecuting, told the court that at 7am on November 1, 2011, Walsh, from Hapton, near Burnley, was driving along the M65, near Walton-Le-Dale, to his office in Warrington. ‘For no reason... the defendant slowed down very quickly,’ Mr Elias said. ‘[He] all but stopped and was inviting catastrophe. No competent driver would consciously drive at less than 10mph on the motorway. 'There was no good reason for him to brake heavily. If someone is driving at less than 10mph on a motorway, he is an accident waiting to happen.’ Mr Sarchet, a retail manager, was travelling at between 37mph and 45mph, the jury was told. Walsh told police he had been travelling . at 70mph, keeping up with the flow of traffic, but moved to the inside . to take the exit on to the M61. 'He said he heard a loud bang at the back of the vehicle, but did not remember feeling any impact. His car stalled and when he started it, a man came running along the hard shoulder shouting to him not to drive it, he claimed. Alistair MacDonald, QC, defending, told the court Walsh was a hard-working ‘family man’. ‘This was the briefest of moments giving rise to this offence,’ he added. Walsh (left) was traveling to work on the M65 with other commuters when he suddenly slowed down to less than 10mph to take a slip road. Peter Sarchet (right) was forced to brake and lost control of his machine when his front wheel locked . Scene: A view of the M65 motorway near to the junction with the M6, close to the spot where the accident happened . Statement: In a prepared statement Walsh said he was a family man and was of good character . But, passing sentence, Judge Robert . Altham, told Walsh: ‘You gratuitously braked hard and veered to the left . while in the slow lane with such suddenness that you came to a rapid . halt at what was a fairly busy time. ‘The life that was lost as a result was a fine life. You never accepted responsibility for that day.’ In . a statement, Mr Sarchet’s widow, Jill, said: ‘Peter was a devoted . family man and lived for his children. Our loss cannot be described.’ Later, a personal injury expert said it was a ‘very unusual case’. Navdip Gill, a partner at Geoffrey Leaver Solicitors, said rear-end crashes were almost always the fault of the driver behind. ‘The law says motorists should always heed the presence of the vehicle . in front and be aware of their surroundings, so the rule of thumb is . that the driver who hits the rear of the vehicle in front is almost . always the responsible party. ‘It is only in exceptional circumstances that the driver travelling behind is not held responsible, or partially responsible.’ He said exceptional circumstances included a car deliberately pulling out in front of another driver and reckless braking. Incident: Walsh claimed he heard a loud bang at the back of the vehicle but did not recall feeling any impact .	Mark Walsh was driving along M65 when he slowed down to take slip road . Motorcyclist Peter Sarchet braked and lost control when front wheel locked . Walsh was jailed for 20 months at Preston Crown Court today . The 43-year-old was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving .
This is the heartbreaking moment that an orphaned baby elephant mourns the death of her mother after she was killed for her ivory tusks by a poacher's poisoned spear. In the footage, the traumatised animal, named Roi, is seen standing over her mother's dead body following the brutal raid. Just 24 hours earlier, the endangered animals had been photographed playing happily together in Kenya's Masai Mara National Park. Scroll down for video . This is the heartbreaking moment than an orphaned baby elephant mourns the death of her mother after she was killed by a poacher's poisoned spear for her ivory tusks . In the footage, the traumatised animal, named Roi, is seen standing over her mother's dead body in Kenya's Masai Mara National Park . The young female calf, who was visibly distressed, faced starvation without her mother's milk . In heart-wrenching scenes, the baby elephant looks lost as she waits to be rescued from the national park . Just 24 hours earlier, the endangered animals had been photographed playing happily together . The 10-month-old orphan temporarily joined another herd, but faced starvation without her own mother's milk. Luckily, Roi was later taken to safety after a dramatic rescue by wildlife experts. During the complex operation, the youngster was manoeuvred away from the herd, tranquillised and put on a plane. Roi was then taken to The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust Elephant Orphanage in Nairobi National Park, where trained keepers are now caring for her. Rob Brandford, UK Director of the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, said: 'Roi arrived in good health but was clearly traumatised from witnessing the death of her mother. 'She took milk from the keepers early but was wary and understandably a little nervous around her new surroundings, not trusting the keepers. Once she met the other orphans, she was immediately comfortable and content. Luckily, the distressed 10-month-old orphan - who faced starvation without her mother's milk - was dramatically rescued and taken to safety . In a complex operation, the youngster was manoeuvred away from the herd, tranquillised and put on a plane . This is the rescue operation which took place after Roi was left orphaned following her mother's death . 'The older elephants paid her attention and provided her with the love and affection she craved and missed. 'As the days have passed little Roi has settled in completely and is now extremely attached to her keepers, familiar with the routine and is playing once more - she is a confident little elephant.' Ivory poaching is a huge problem in Africa, killing one elephant every 15 minutes. The David Sheldrick Wilfdlife Trust is hoping to raise £15,000 to save more baby elephants like Roi who are orphaned by poaching. She joined a new herd after her mother's death but would have starved without her mother's milk . Roi was soon taken to The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust Elephant Orphanage in Nairobi National Park, where trained keepers are now caring for her . Mr Brandford said: 'Arriving as a fragile baby, Roi would not have survived without our intervention and she has now been afforded a second chance. 'We have 82 infant elephants reliant on us right now and we need to be ready to provide the same life-saving care for other orphaned elephants in need.' To donate to support the trust's work, visit: www.sheldrickwildlifetrust.org . Now at the orphanage, she joins dozens of other orphaned elephants who are also living with their new family . Roi, pictured, is said to have become very attached to her keepers at her new home and was described as a 'confident little elephant' She is pictured playing with friends at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust Elephant Orphanage in Nairobi National Park . The trust is hoping to raise £15,000 to save more baby elephants like Roi who are orphaned by poaching .	10-month-old animal Roi stands over mother's body after raid by poachers . Just 24 hours earlier, the animals had been photographed playing together . Roi faced starvation without her mother's milk in Kenya's Masai Mara park . But she was dramatically rescued and taken to an orphanage in Nairobi . Trainers say she settled in well and has become a 'confident little elephant'
By . Fiona Macrae . PUBLISHED: . 18:58 EST, 30 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:35 EST, 31 October 2012 . Lock up your bird feeders and guard your bird tables: Squirrels are raiding Britain’s gardens - and they’re ravenous. Faced with a shortage of nuts and seeds in the wild, grey squirrels are piling into gardens and pinching food left out for birds. With numbers up a third on recent years and expected to grow as the winter bites, the British Trust for Ornithology has produced a list of tips for bird lovers concerned that there will be enough food to go around. Helping hand: Animal lovers fear competition for food will be fierce this winter . Advice ranges from coating food with chilli powder, which is disliked by squirrels but palatable to birds, to greasing poles that bird feeders are hung on. The influx of squirrels has been blamed on the topsy-turvy weather reducing yields of nuts and seeds in the wild. Plus, in some trees, such as the beech, nut production follows a cycle and this year marks a natural low point. Short of nuts and seeds to eat now and to squirrel away for the winter, the animals are trying their luck on already-busy bird tables and nut-filled feeders. Tim Harrison, of the BTO, said: ‘Expect some fireworks at garden feeders this autumn and winter. Bird lovers recommend covering bird food in chilli powder, because squirrels do not like the taste of it . ‘Large numbers of birds are already gathering, with species such as the chaffinch and starling being joined by their continental cousins. ‘With more grey squirrels than normal also on the scene, competition may be intense. ‘Unlike many other small mammals, grey squirrels do not hibernate and so they will be looking for food throughout the winter.’ Dr Harrison has a range of tips for bird lovers who want to keep squirrels at bay. For instance, feeders can be covered with guards which only allow small birds access. It may also be possible to keep squirrels away from bird tables by creating a separate feeding area for them, complete with tempting treats. More unusual solutions including using something like Vaseline to grease the poles that squirrels shimmy up to reach nut and seed-filled feeders. For this to work, the feeders must of course, also be out of jumping distance. Another option is to coat bird food in chilli powder. While it is distasteful to squirrels, birds find it perfectly palatable. Dr Harrison said: ‘It is thought that squirrel’s taste receptors are like our own and so they feel the heat of the chilli and are put off by that. ‘But birds just behave perfectly normally.’ He added that like cats, public opinion is divided on the benefits of having squirrels visit gardens. ‘People have quite strong feelings. They are one of these creatures that some people love having come into the garden and other people don’t like quite so much. ‘Where people want to attract them, they can do that and hopefully still provide for the birds.	The animals are raiding bird tables and feeders as they struggle to find nuts of their own . Experts recommend 'greasing poles with Vaseline' so squirrels cannot grip to reach the top .
(CNN)Three defendants have been sentenced to prison for their roles in the hate crime death of a black man in Mississippi who died after being beaten by a group of white teens and run over by a truck in 2011, U.S. authorities said. Deryl Paul Dedmon, now 22, was sentenced to 50 years in prison; John Aaron Rice, 21, to more than 18 years; and Dylan Wade Butler, 23, to seven years, federal authorities said this week. Each defendant had pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and one count of violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act in the death of James Craig Anderson, 48, authorities said. "The defendants targeted African-American people they perceived as vulnerable for heinous and violent assaults -- hate crimes, motivated solely by race, that shook an entire community and claimed the life of an innocent man," Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement. Seven other defendants are awaiting sentencing, authorities said. The three defendants admitted they and others conspired to harass African-Americans with beer bottles, sling shots and vehicles in attempt to injure them, authorities said. The defendants targeted blacks who were homeless or drunk "because they believe that such individuals were less likely to report an assault," authorities said in a statement. "The co-conspirators would often boast about these racially motivated assaults." After a birthday party for a mutual friend, the defendants and other conspirators agreed to assault blacks, authorities said. Rice, Butler and other occupants in a Jeep found Anderson in a motel parking lot about 5 a.m. on June 25, 2011, in Jackson and "decided that Anderson would be a good target for an assault because he was African-American and appeared to be intoxicated," authorities said in a statement. Rice and a conspirator distracted Anderson while they waited for Dedmon to arrive. Dedmon and two conspirators arrived in Dedmon's Ford F250 truck. Rice first punched Anderson in the face to knock him to the ground, and then Dedmon punched Anderson in the face several times while he was on the ground, authorities said. As the defendants and conspirators left the lot, one shouted, "White Power!" Just before getting back into his truck, Dedmon also yelled, "White Power!" Dedmon then "deliberately" ran over Anderson, causing injuries that killed him, authorities said. Rice, Butler and a number of the conspirators then gave false statements to police about the incident, authorities said. Anderson's death drew national attention after CNN first reported it and aired exclusive surveillance video of the killing, captured by a parking lot security camera in a Jackson suburb. Watch: Incident caught on video . The killing prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson, a city of about 175,000. Authorities believe Dedmon led and instigated the attack, which took place after a night of drinking in largely white Rankin County, outside Jackson. The gang of teens climbed into Dedmon's green truck and a white SUV and drove 16 miles to the western edge of Jackson. They would have seen Anderson immediately as they exited the highway, officials said. He was standing in the hotel parking lot just beyond the exit ramp. On the videotape obtained exclusively by CNN, the group of teens is seen pulling into the parking lot and stopping where Anderson is standing, although he is just off camera and not visible. The teens can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson. Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson's beating took place, as the teens yelled racial epithets, including "white power." Authorities allege Dedmon and many of the other teens pummeled Anderson repeatedly as he crumpled to the ground, although this is not visible on the tape. After the beating, some of the teens left and others got into the green Ford truck. At this moment, Anderson becomes visible on the tape as he staggers into view and walks toward the truck. Shortly afterward, Dedmon allegedly boasted and laughed about the killing, according to statements some of the teens made to detectives. "I ran that n----- over," he allegedly said in a phone conversation to the teens in the other car. Drew Griffin and Scott Bronstein of CNN's Special Investigations Unit contributed to this report.	Deryl Paul Dedmon, 22, is sentenced to 50 years . James Craig Anderson, 48, who is black, was beaten by a group of white teens . Other defendants are sentenced to more than 18 years and seven years .
(CNN) -- Richie Incognito considered fellow offensive lineman Jonathan Martin a "little brother," Miami Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill said Wednesday, saying the team was caught off-guard by Martin's accusations of misconduct against his teammate. Neither player is with the team now; Martin left abruptly last week after an incident in the team cafeteria and Incognito was suspended on Sunday after Martin's representatives reportedly turned over voice mails and texts with racial slurs and threats of violence to the Dolphins and the NFL. But, while they were with the team, the two were good friends. At least in Tannehill's mind. "I think if you had asked Jon Martin a week before who his best friend on the team was, he would have said Richie Incognito," the quarterback told reporters. "The first guy to stand up for Jonathan if anything went down on the field, any kind of tussle, Richie was the first guy there. When they wanted to hang out ... outside of football, who was together: Richie and Jonathan. So I can't, I'm not in those guys' shoes. I can't explain what's going on." Tannehill, a second-year quarterback, said Martin was a quiet guy who made a few jokes but was mostly business. His demeanor remained the same even up to the night he left the team after other players played a prank on him in the dining hall. "There were no warning signs," he said. Tannehill said he had exchanged recent texts with Martin, once on the night the offensive tackle left and then on Friday, the day after the Dolphins beat the Bengals. "I miss being out there," Martin said, according to Tannehill. The entertainment show omg! Insider talked to Martin's father on Wednesday. "He's a strong man. He's doing fine," Gus Martin said. The league office is investigating Martin's claims of misconduct. On Wednesday, Commissioner Roger Goodell chose Ted Wells to lead the inquiry. Wells also participated in an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment at Syracuse in 2012 and one that led to a change in the head of the NBA players union earlier this year. "He has an impeccable reputation and we look forward to fully cooperating with the review," Dolphins owner Stephen Ross said in a written statement. "We take this situation seriously. As the owner, I am committed to creating a professional environment for all of the members of the Dolphins family." Dolphins coach Joe Philbin repeated his assertion that he will institute change if the NFL report finds his staff at fault. "If the review reveals anything that needs to be corrected we will take all necessary measures to fix it, to ensure that this doesn't happen again," he said. Philbin said he had no comment on a report in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel that Dolphins coaches asked Incognito to help toughen up Martin, a 24-year-old second-year player. "Jonathan Martin came in here and worked hard every single day," he said in response to a followup question. The team hasn't met to discuss the situation, Tannehill said, but it was widely discussed the first few days by players in the cafeteria and in the locker room. The allegations of bullying and racially charged language were "mind-blowing" to the team, he said. As a quarterback and a team leader he would have done something if he saw something that crossed the line, he said. No one knew there was a situation to be stopped, he added. Incognito, a nine-year veteran, treated Martin like a "little brother." "He gave him a hard time, he messed with him, but he was the first one there to have his back in any situation," Tannehill said. Offensive tackle Tyson Clabo said the two were "thick as thieves." "They went out together, they hung out together," he said. "They did a lot of stuff together, so if (Martin) had a problem with the way that (Incognito) was treating him, he had a funny way of showing it." Incognito, 30, has only said a few words since he was suspended. "You know, I'm just trying to weather the storm right now. And this will pass," he told CNN affiliate WSVN outside a doctor's office in Weston, Florida, on Tuesday. Incognito said he didn't want to comment on media reports that he sent Martin voice mails containing racial slurs and threats of physical violence. When asked about his status with the team, Incognito closed the door to his BMW without answering and drove away. ESPN, NFL.com and other media outlets reported that representatives for Martin on Sunday submitted the voice mails and texts to the league and the Dolphins. One of the messages, from April, contained a reference to Martin's biracial background, according to ESPN's sources. "Hey, wassup, you half (expletive) piece of (expletive). I saw you on Twitter, you been training 10 weeks. I'll (expletive) in your (expletive) mouth. I'm gonna slap your (expletive) mouth, I'm gonna slap your real mother across the face (laughter). (Expletive) you, you're still a rookie. I'll kill you." Martin remains on the team's roster while Incognito is on the suspended list. CNN reached out multiple times to representatives for each player but hasn't received comment. Richie Incognito, Jonathan Martin, and the NFL's future . CNN's Ed Lavandera and Quand Thomas contributed to this report.	NEW: Team is taking situation seriously, will cooperate with NFL's investigation . Father says Jonathan Martin is a strong man, doing fine . Quarterback says Incognito messed with Martin, but also came to his aid . Coach has no comment on report team asked Incognito to toughen up Martin .
A couple in Alabama raped an underage relative multiple times hoping that the girl, who was mentally incapacitated, would get pregnant and give them a baby, police said. Jeremy Swann, 29, and wife Amanda Swann, 28, were arrested last week at their home in Jones, where authorities say the sexual assaults took place over the past month. Jeremy's mother, 57-year-old Dianna Swann, was also arrested for knowing about the attacks but not telling cops. 'They propositioned her to have sex with . Jeremy so that she could get pregnant, and so she could have a baby for . them,' investigator Janet Cole, of the Dallas County Sheriff's Office, . told the Selma Times-Journal. BUSTED: Jeremy Swann, 29, and wife Amanda, 28, were arrested on charges of raping a young female relative so she would give them a baby . The girl, who never got pregnant, was a minor relative of Amanda's. An investigator said that Amanda watched as her husband repeatedly assaulted the girl, court records show. The girl screamed during the assaults, which occurred over the past month, and at least once Jeremy gagged her with a ball to keep her quiet, the investigator said. Amanda Swann, who assisted the girl to the bathroom after each assault, did nothing 'because she wanted (the victim) to have a baby for her,' court record  show. Dianna Swann, 57, was also arrested for knowing about the sexual assaults but not calling the police . Investigators first began looking into the case when the couple contacted local child protective services requesting that they be granted full custody of the girl, claiming she was being sexually assaulted by her mother. But while social workers checked into those claims, the girl told them that it was the Swann couple who was raping her. She said she was forced to have sex with Jeremy at least six times. The Swanns, who remain at Dallas County Jail in lieu of $500,000 bond each, are charged with first-degree rape. The man's mother, Dianna, is charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She is being held on $6,000 bond. 'She was present when all the sexual acts were going on,' Cole told the Times-Journal. 'She was there. She heard the girl screaming, and she did nothing.' The couple may still be charged with enticing a child and incest, according to Cole. The three suspects were expected for a bond hearing on Monday.	Jeremy Swann, 29, and wife Amanda Swann, 28, are charged with first-degree rape of a female relative . The couple gagged the mentally incapacitated girl to stop her from screaming through 'at least six' assault, investigators said . Jeremy's mother, Dianna Swann, 57, was arrested for knowing about the rapes but not telling cops .
By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 10:50 EST, 16 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:00 EST, 17 August 2013 . Cash-strapped families have cut their energy use since 2005 as bills have soared. A combination of increased charges and wages flatlining have forced households to turn their heating off to cut costs. New figures also reveal wide variations in the amount of energy people use in different parts of the country, with people in the East Midlands using almost double that of homes in the South West. Energy bills: New figures show how the amount of energy households use has fallen by 25 per cent since 2005 . The average home usage in England and Wales fell by 24.7% over the period to 2011, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Consumer groups said that while energy savings measures may have played apart, the big drop will have been caused by people simply switching off their heating altogether. A study this month found people struggling with energy bills face a gap of £438 between their bills and what they can afford to pay – an increase of almost £200 over the last decade. The gap means those in fuel poverty in England alone face bills totalling £1.05billion more than they can afford – a jump from £606million in 2003. Richard Lloyd, executive director of consumer watchdog Which? said: ‘Energy efficiency measures may have played a part in the fall in energy usage but the fact is many consumers will have cut back in order to save money in the face of spiraling prices and squeezed incomes. ‘Consistently four in ten have told us that they plan to cut back on future spending on their energy bills.’ He called for the government to do more to help people cope with the rising cost of energy bills. ‘People will not feel confident that they are getting a fair deal unless prices are simplified and the costs that make up our energy bills are open, transparent and subject to robust scrutiny.’ The highest regional consumption levels - which were adjusted to take into account the variations in weather - were in the East Midlands, the data showed. It appeared that regions with the highest level of Economy 7 consumption of night-time cheap electricity use more energy overall. In England and Wales overall, average household energy consumption was 19.7 megawatt hours (mWh) per household in 2011 . Across England and Wales, average household energy consumption fell from 26.2 megawatt hours (mWh) in 2005 to 19.7mWh in 2011. Improvements such as better loft and cavity wall insulation as well as more efficient boilers may be among the reasons for the decrease, the ONS said. Another could be the introduction of energy rating scales for properties and household appliances, allowing consumers to make informed choices about purchases, it added. There has also been ‘increasing public awareness of energy consumption and environmental issues’ while at the same time the price of gas and electricity across the UK has been rising. The average household energy consumption in the East Midlands in 2011 was 27.5 mWh, well above the national average, while the South West had the lowest, at 16.1 mWh. Worries: Consumer groups said households were forced to cut their energy use to cope with rising bills . A breakdown of local authorities showed that those consuming less energy tended to be in more rural areas, with a higher proportion of households without piped gas and therefore possibly using other sources of energy. Of the 10 authorities with the lowest consumption - topped by the Isles of Scilly - eight included rural parts of Wales and the South West, although two were in the capital - the City of London and Tower Hamlets. The ONS said that areas that consumed more household energy tended to have higher levels of net income after taking account of housing costs. All the top 10 areas for consumption were in the East Midlands - a region that had the second highest level of Economy 7 use as a proportion of all energy. ‘It could be that households which receive some electricity at a cheaper rate may use more energy overall because it is cheaper,’ the ONS said. Industry body Energy UK said: ‘This fall in consumption shows how effective it is to insulate your home. Britain's homes are notoriously leaky and energy companies have been busy improving properties to make them warmer and easier to heat. ‘They have installed insulation and other measures in millions of homes across the country over the past few years.’	Energy use falls by 25% from 2005 to 2011, new figures show . Consumer groups say rising costs force families switch heating off . East Midlands homes use almost twice the energy of the South West .
By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 03:08 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:19 EST, 23 October 2012 . Sir Richard Branson has been asked to continue running the West Coast Rail Line for another year, as minsters scramble to keep trains moving. In an embarrassing u-turn, the Department for Transport had to plead with Virgin Trains to remain in control of the line for between nine and 13 months despite stripping it of the lucrative franchise in August. Virgin was due to hand over the line to rival First Group on December 9 but ‘significant technical flaws’ in the contract competition were unearthed this month, which saw three civil servants suspended and the deal torn up. Virgin Trains boss SVirgin Trains boss Sir Richard Branson has been asked to continue running services on the West Coast main line for up to 13 months . Virgin Trains will now run the services in the short term while the government decides who will operate the franchise on a more permanent basis. Today Sir Richard said on Twitter: 'Positive day for all the wonderful staff at Virgin Trains.' The decision marks a major PR coup for Sir Richard, who said on Twitter: 'Positive day for all the wonderful staff at Virgin Trains.' This summer the tycoon saw his complaints that the contest had not been fair repeatedly rebuffed by the government. He branded the bidding process for the London to Scotland line ‘insane’ and launched a legal challenge. He called on David Cameron to intervene, but the Prime Minister was assured that the decision was safe. As the DfT prepared for the court case, major flaws were discovered in the use of inflation and passenger numbers. The future of the West Coast Main Line, which runs from London to Scotland, will remain uncertain for several months . The collapse of the deal is expected to cost taxpayers more than £100million in compensation and re-running a new bidding process. The quick-fix of Virgin running services until next year will be followed by an interim franchisee before the full-length contract is awarded. Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said today: ‘The cancellation of the InterCity West Coast franchise is deeply regrettable and I apologise to the bidders involved and taxpayers who have a right to expect better. ‘My priority now is to fix the problem and the first step is to take urgent action to ensure that on December 9 services continue to run to the same standard and passengers are not affected. ‘I believe Virgin remaining as operator for a short period of time is the best way to do this and my officials and I will be working flat out to make this happen.’ Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin today said the cancellation of the West Coast franchise is 'deeply regrettable' As the rail chaos grips the department, Mr Mcloughlin also announced he was pausing the live competitions to run services on Essex Thameside, Great Western and Thameslink. Two independent reviews will also examine what went to catastrophically wrong with the West Coast competition and the way the DfT runs its rail franchise programme. Virgin has run the West Coast line since 1997 but in August Justine Greening, the then Transport Secretary, announced she was handing a new 13-year deal to FirstGroup. As DfT officials prepared for Virgin’s legal challenge to the decision, they uncovered major problems with the economic model used to decide who to award the contract to. Today a Virgin Trains spokesman said: 'Our customers have made clear they want us to continue our excellent service and we now have the chance to deliver that and offer customers some short-term continuity. 'We will now be working hard to make sure we continue to provide the service that has made us successful. We are grateful for the fantastic support from customers and staff over recent months.' Angela Eagle, Labour's shadow transport secretary, said ministers could not claim to be unaware of the details of the deal. She told BBC News: 'These are multi-billion pound contracts. This contract was supposed to run for up to 15 years. It’s simply not good enough for ministers to claim that it was all a technical issue, and that they couldn’t be expected to look at this, at the same time as they’ve made franchising much more complex, they have then taken away part of the Department’s ability to deal with this, and removed the department’s capacity to get it externally checked. 'That to me seems to be squarely a problem with ministerial oversight, ministerial leadership, and it’s not correct for them to try and blame three civil servants for what’s gone wrong – especially not before their own investigation has even reported.' The Flying Scotsman service was reintroduced by the government-owned Directly Operated Railways . The decision to ask Virgin to continue running trains on the West Coast line means ministers have rejected the idea of running the line themselves. Renationalisation of the railways is something the unions have demanded for years.In 2009 National Express walked away from the East Coast Main Line franchise, and the Labour government took control of services. A new government-owned company, Directly Operated Railways, was created and has run the services ever since. It recorded a seven per cent rise in profits to £7.1 million in 2011-12. In the four weeks to August 19, 93 per cent of East Coast trains were on time up from 87 per cent on 2011. The four-hour Flying Scotsman express . service from Edinburgh to London (pictured) was reinstated and extra services to . Lincoln and Harrogate were introduced. The apparent success of the state-running of services caused the RMT transport union to call for the same to happen on the West Coast line. Responding to the news that Virgin will continue to operate the franchise for up to 13 months, RMT leader Bob Crow said today: 'The Government are ideologically opposed to public ownership of the railways and, in collusion with the private train operators, have stitched up a shabby deal that will enable them to rerun the whole franchise fiasco in a year’s time. 'Richard Branson and his shareholders are laughing all the way to the bank. Not only have they made hundreds of millions from the rail privatisation lottery but they have now scooped the rollover as well. 'We will continue to fight for public ownership of the railways, a position supported by the vast majority of the British people. This short-term political fix will not detract from the call for rail to be run as a public service free from the chaos and greed of privatisation.' DOR overhauled the East Coast timetable, introducing almost 20 new weekday services. It also invested in better First Class carriages including at seat food and drink and on board wi-fi which lead to First Class passenger numbers rising by a third.	Virgin boss hails a 'positive day' for his staff as the Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin says the public deserve better . In August Virgin lost the lucrative contract to run Britain's busiest rail line,  which was handed to First Group . The deal collapsed this month after 'significant flaws' in the bidding process were uncovered, leaving taxpayers with a £100million bill . With the December 9 deadline looming, the government today asked Virgin to continue running services for up to 13 months . Chaos sees competitions to run Essex Thameside, Great Western and Thameslink services suspended and two independent reviews launched .
Ed Miliband's political turmoil intensified yesterday after Labour admitted it had been forced to stop using David Cameron as a ‘scare tactic’ in Scotland – because the Prime Minister is more popular with voters than Mr Miliband. Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy admitted that the party had ditched its mantra of ‘Vote SNP – get Cameron’ in favour of ‘Vote SNP – get Tory’, after strategists vetoed plans to portray the Election as a straight fight between Mr Miliband and Mr Cameron. Mr Murphy said: ‘It’s the same argument, but the “Vote Tory” thing has a much greater resonance. Among working-class Scots, voting Tory is associated with Mrs Thatcher, more so than David Cameron.’ Unpopularity contest: Labour leader Ed Miliband and Tory Prime Minister David Cameron . The U-turn comes barely a week after Mr Miliband insisted during a visit to Glasgow that the point of the Election was ‘Who is going to be Prime Minister, is it going to be Cameron or Miliband?’ A devastating set of polls by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft in Labour’s Scottish heartlands last week revealed Mr Cameron was considerably more popular than Mr Miliband in Scotland. In 15 out of the 16 constituencies studied, including several of Labour’s supposedly ‘safe’ seats, more voters said they were either satisfied with David Cameron or preferred him to Ed Miliband than said they would prefer the Labour leader to be Prime Minister. If the findings were repeated at the Election, Mr Miliband’s party could be wiped off Scotland’s political map, losing 35 of its 41 seats to the SNP and allowing Nicola Sturgeon’s Nationalists to play a key power-broking role in a new Left-wing Coalition. Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy (right) and Labour Leader Ed Miliband pictured in Glasgow last year . A spokesman for the Scottish Conservatives said: ‘Most Scots prefer David Cameron to Ed Miliband as Prime Minister and it now appears that Jim Murphy agrees with them. 'His Election strategy has been laid bare – avoid all mention of his leader, drag up 40-year-old memories of Mrs Thatcher, and hope no one notices. It’s negative and weak.’ The embarrassment for Mr Miliband emerged as his health spokesman Andy Burnham appeared to be positioning with increasing confidence as the Left-wing candidate in any post-Election leadership contest. Mr Burnham lavished praise on Unite leader Len McCluskey, whose union votes will be crucial, and criticised Blairites. In particular, he distanced himself from Peter Mandelson’s infamous comment that he was ‘intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich’. Mr Burnham told The Times: ‘I don’t think any person in the Labour Party feels relaxed about the gaps in society.’ His remarks came as former Business Secretary Mr Mandelson went on to the BBC Radio 4 Today programme to deny that he had ‘sounded out’ former Home Secretary Alan Johnson last autumn about trying to topple Mr Miliband. Meanwhile, Lord Ashcroft yesterday released revised poll data that shows Nick Clegg is facing the loss of his Sheffield Hallam seat. It is the second poll in a week to indicate the Liberal Democrat leader will lose his seat to Labour. The initial poll last November put the Lib Dems narrowly ahead, but the revised results show them three points behind Labour. A second corrected poll saw figures for the seat of Thanet South, where Ukip leader Nigel Farage is standing, revised. The Tories’ five-point lead over Mr Farage has been reduced to one.	Scottish Labour have ditched the mantra after polls revealed popularity . Poll found Cameron is more popular - even in Labour's Scottish heartlands . In 15 out of 16 constituencies polled more voters said they were either satisfied with David Cameron or preferred him to Ed Miliband . As a result Scottish Labour are switching mantra to 'Vote SNP - get Tory' Hope working-class Scots will associate it with Margaret Thatcher instead . Strategy has been labelled 'negative and weak' by Scottish Conservatives .
Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts "Fareed Zakaria GPS" on CNN at 1 and 5 p.m. ET Sundays. Zakaria says India's elections could mark its debut as a great power. (CNN) -- Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took the oath of office Friday for a second consecutive term after winning a mandate for his Congress party. President Pratibha Devisingh Patil administered the oath to Singh, seen as the architect of India's economic reforms in the 1990s. Nineteen other lawmakers also were sworn in as members of the new federal Cabinet. The Indian National Congress, headed by Italian-born Sonia Gandhi, won 206 of 543 boroughs in the April and May general elections. That is the party's best performance in almost two decades that saw mostly coalition governments running the country. CNN spoke to author and foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria about the results. CNN: What do you think of the outcome of the Indian elections? Fareed Zakaria: These elections I think may be looked upon as India's debut as a great power -- the way the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics heralded China's debut. They are also the perfect symbol, in this case, of India's unique strengths -- which are defined not by government power but people power with all the messiness and chaos that implies. With 420 million people voting, India's recent polling was the biggest exercise of democracy ever. CNN: But the exercise of democracy in India isn't new. What makes this one special? Zakaria: You are right. It was the result of these elections. Over the last two decades, India has been consumed with its internal divisions -- of caste, ethnicity and religion. This has made if difficult for a government in New Delhi to mobilize national power to any purposeful and responsible end internationally. A decentralized, divided, and diffuse polity has punched well below its weight internationally or adopted policies abroad for purely domestic reasons. That's bad for India and bad for the world. This could all change, starting with this election result. For the first time in three decades, a single party -- the Indian National Congress -- was given a clear and large mandate. CNN: Why were there so many problems in the past? Zakaria: It was mainly two issues. First, populism trumps economic reform. Promising the voters goodies works better than imposing budgetary discipline. Two, in the age of terrorism, fear was an easy way to mobilize political support. (These problems have affected democracies in rich countries like America just as much as poor ones.) The Indian results contradict both notions. The Congress Party has been reasonably reform-mined economically and highly responsible on issues of terrorism. It chose not to react violently to the recent Mumbai terror attacks and was vilified as weak by the opposition. The voters didn't buy it. CNN: Can you think of why things have changed for the voters? Zakaria: I can't be certain but I will put some of the credit for providing a new option to voters on the shoulder of Rahul Gandhi. He is the 39-year-old son of the former Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi, and the current head of the Congress party, Sonia Gandhi. He spent the last few years reviving the grassroots base of the Congress party. He also made a series of big strategic bets during the campaign such as to field young candidates, not to ally with caste-based parties which proved to be right. He, along with his mother and the current Prime Minister Singh, are reviving the Congress party, and have done all this while maintaining a commitment to secularism, economic reform and clean government . CNN: So the voters in India got it right? Zakaria: I think so. But I also do want to take a minute to impress on readers the scope of elections in India. It really is amazing to see the largest democracy at work. First of all, look at the scope. 420 million people voted. That's more than all the people (men, women and children) who live in the United States, Britain and Canada combined. Then the process -- there are five election days over the course of a month; votes are cast in almost 1 million polling places. It is by far the biggest exercise in democracy in the history of the world. But all of that is only part of what makes it really remarkable. The Indian electorate is one of the poorest, least educated in the world but they actively participate in the political process. And they voted in a very intelligent way. Something they should be very proud of.	Zakaria: Election shows India's unique strength, people power . 420 million voters make this biggest democracy exercise ever, he says . Zakaria: For the first time in three decades, one party has a clear mandate .
A catfight broke out in a Spanish maximum-security prison when a model accused of shooting dead her millionaire British businessman ex-boyfriend confronted a rival prison beauty over a stolen mini-skirt. Pretty Mayka Kukucova, 25, was punched in the face after confronting a suspected Mexican drug dealer she accused of stealing her favourite skirt. Prison guards stepped in to save the Slovakian after she was punched in the face in the gym at the Costa del Sol jail where she is being held for allegedly shooting wealthy jeweller Andrew Bush dead in front of his new lover last April. Mayka Kukucova was allegedly punched in the face in a row with another inmate over a stolen mini-skirt . The Slovakian model, 25, is accused of shooting dead ex-boyfriend Andrew Bush at his Costa del Sol villa . Inmates at the maximum-security Alhaurin de la Torre prison near Malaga have taken sides in the dispute . Kukucova (left) is said to have been jealous of Mr Bush's new love Maria Korotaeva (right) Governors at maximum-security Alhaurin de la Torre prison have now ordered staff to keep a close watch on the pair - revered as the jail's two best-looking women - for fear of another outbreak of violence. Gypsy women in the prison close to Malaga have sided with Kukucova while south American inmates are supporting the Mexican, known only as Guadalupe. An insider said: 'The two women have never seen eye to eye but now they hate each others' guts. 'The problems started because Kukucova accused Guadalupe of being behind the disappearance of her favourite skirt. 'They had an argument which ended up with some hair-pulling and Mayka getting punched in the face. 'The other woman took a kick to the back before she was pulled off from one of the gypsy women who jumped in to defend Kukucova. 'Prison chiefs are worried things could get out of hand because the inmates have divided into two rival groups with one supporting the Slovakian and the other the Mexican. 'Staff have been told to keep a close watch on both women to make sure there's no repeat. 'No-one was badly injured this time round but it might not be the same story if there is a next time.' Kukucova told prison bosses she was set upon first when she was quizzed about the incident but both women ended up being thrown into isolation as punishment. Kukucova is led away after being arrested in her native Slovakia for allegedly shooting dead Mr Bush . They promised to resolve their differences after a dressing-down before authorities agreed to keep it out of the prison register. Another source said: 'Kukucova is the only one who comes anywhere near to Guadalupe in the beauty stakes. 'They're both breathtakingly attractive. 'Kukucova's probably assumed there was only going to be one other woman in their prison that could possibly wear the miniskirt that went missing from her cell.' Police put out an international arrest warrant for the Slovakian beauty after she was seen driving off in Mr Bush's Hummer after allegedly shooting him dead on April 5 last year with an Italian-made .38 revolver inside his rented £2,500-a-month villa near Estepona. The divorced dad-of-one, 48, had jetted to the Costa del Sol with Russian girlfriend Maria Korotaeva, 22, for a romantic weekend away to celebrate their five-month anniversary. Maria told murder squad detectives Kukucova was lying in wait for them when they arrived and she heard a row and shots after leaving them inside the house to argue before his ex fled with the keys to her lover's 4x4. His car was later found abandoned about 20 miles from the scene of the shooting. Kukucova with Mr Bush in happier times before the pair split. She reportedly remained obsessed with him . Kukucova and the inmate she confronted are reportedly revered as the jail's two best-looking women . Kukucova was extradited to Spain last May after handing herself more than 2,000 miles away in Slovakia. She was remanded in custody by a judge who is still investigating the killing before deciding whether to recommend formal charges against the part-time model. Kukucova is being formally investigated on suspicion of Mr Bush's homicide, which in Spain carries a maximum 15-year jail sentence, rather than the more serious charge of pre-mediated murder. Miss Korotaeva revealed after the killing Mr Bush had the change the locks on his home in the UK because Kukucova was obsessed with her ex. She told a newspaper: 'His daughter told me she was crazy jealous because we in love and she kept looking at pictures of me. 'Andy couldn't bear to hear her name. She was not nice to anyone.' Mr Bush's daughter Ellie, 20, has claimed her dad had to ask Kukucova to find a new job after hiring her as an assistant in one of his Gold Trader shops in Bristol when she started behaving erratically because she was worried he was seeing other women. The dead man's family had to bury him in Spain last June after the judge refused his family permission to repatriate his body to Britain.	Mayka Kukucova confronted a fellow prison beauty over the alleged theft . The Slovakian, 25, was then 'punched in the face' by her Mexican rival . Accused fellow inmate, known as Guadalupe, of stealing her mini-skirt . Female prisoners at the Costa del Sol jail have taken sides after the fight . Kukucova is accused of killing Andrew Bush at his luxury villa last year . Bristol businessman was shot dead in alleged love feud while on break to celebrate five month anniversary with new girlfriend Maria Korotaeva, 22 .
(CNN) -- In 1981, James Brady was shot in the head and gravely wounded in a shooting that also wounded President Reagan -- despite their both being surrounded by plenty of extremely well-trained "good guys with guns." At that time, federal law set conditions, such as a felony conviction or being involuntarily hospitalized for a mental illness, that prohibited a person from possessing firearms. The 1968 Gun Control Act had established record-keeping requirements and regulated interstate transactions of firearms, but there was no federal law requiring proof from a prospective buyer that he or she was not prohibited from possessing firearms. It was, in essence, an honor system. You could purchase as many firearms and as much ammunition as you liked, as long as you signed a form stating that you didn't meet any of the disqualifying conditions. While James Brady started his long road to recovery from his brain injuries, he and his wife, Sarah, began what has been a three-decade endeavor to strengthen America's gun laws and prevent others from becoming victims of gun violence. The Bradys and the organization they have helped lead have been successful in: . --Expanding disqualifiers for firearm possession to include perpetrators of domestic violence . --Advancing laws to prevent gun violence at the state level . --Litigating legal cases to protect the public from unsafe business practices in the gun industry . --Educating the public about how to protect children from being shot . But Brady's best-known legacy will be the federal law he championed and that bears his name, the Brady Gun Violence Prevention Act. The Brady Act was a huge leap forward toward fulfilling the objectives of the Gun Control Act of 1968: keeping guns from dangerous people. It required licensed gun dealers to submit information on the identity of prospective gun buyers to the FBI, which could then determine through searches of databases of criminal records whether the purchaser was prohibited. Through this law, millions of prohibited buyers have been identified and prohibited from purchasing firearms from licensed dealers. What impact the Brady Law has had on public safety is debatable and, in my opinion, very difficult to assess. Because some states had background check requirements in place before the Brady Law, one way to estimate the policy's effects is to contrast changes in homicide trends in these states at the time the law was implemented with changes over the same period in states newly implementing background checks for sales by licensed gun dealers. But the accuracy of the estimates depends on having states that are similar except for the policy change or having states with similar crime trends before the law was implemented. If the pre-law trends differ between those sets of states, you must control for those differences. Those conditions haven't been met in studies of the Brady Law. But I believe the Brady Law is the foundation upon which we should build a complete system for vetting all firearms transactions to keep guns away from people identified by laws as being too dangerous to possess them. Some consider background checks for all gun sales a pipe dream, based on the flawed logic that gun laws won't work when criminals don't obey them. This argument ignores the important linkages between legal and illegal gun markets and what research has shown about the ability of sensible regulations to prevent diversions of guns into the illegal market. We can't directly observe a homicide prevented because of background checks, but we can see what happens in their absence. After Missouri repealed its system for vetting all handgun sales through a permit to purchase background check system in 2007, firearm homicide rates increased sharply while rates declined nationally and in states surrounding Missouri. A study that I conducted to assess the effects of this policy change controlled for a host of other factors that might explain Missouri's spike in gun homicides and determined that Missouri's repealed handgun purchase permit law was associated with nearly 50 additional homicides per year. The last 33 years of James Brady's life were marked by courage and perseverance, not only to regain what gun violence had taken from him, but to curb the nation's extraordinary high level of gun violence. He has been an inspiration to many who are committed to completing what he started, so we can have far more effective policies for keeping guns from dangerous people. If his vision of a comprehensive background check system is realized, we will have many fewer lives lost and damaged by gun violence.	Daniel Webster: In 1981, when James Brady was shot, buying guns relied on "honor system" He says you only had to sign form saying law didn't prohibit you from owning firearms . Brady Law helped fulfill goal of Gun Control Act, to keep guns from dangerous people, he says . Webster: Its effect on public safety unclear, but background checks help .
By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 02:54 EST, 28 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:47 EST, 28 September 2013 . A criminal couple who burgled a pensioner's house and a family caravan while on their honeymoon have been jailed. The pair, from Hartlepool, were caught trying to use use stolen cash and cards to pay for their stay in a hotel. They will now spend their first few anniversaries apart after being jailed for a total of four years and four months. Gary Young had been taking heroin before the alleged crimes took place while on holiday with his new wife, Amy Marshall, who has two children from a previous marriage . Gary Young, 41, and Amy Marshall, 29, stole money and bank cards from a family caravan and the home of an 81-year-old woman. They were arrested within hours after being caught on CCTV and the only times they have seen each other . since has been in court. Young was jailed for three years and two months and Marshall for one . year and two months by Judge Phillip Wassall at Exeter Crown Court. Both of the break-ins happened within yards of the Suncrest Hotel where the pair were staying during the week after the August Bank Holiday. Miss Caroline Bolt, prosecuting, said that one family returning from a day out found Marshall climbing out of the bottom door . panel of their caravan at and escaping in Young's VW Bora with £120 of . their holiday money. A few hours later the 81-year-old widow was disturbed at her home by Young, who claimed . to be a carer sent to check on her. The pair decided to pay for their holiday in picturesque Torbay by stealing bank cards and money . Once inside he ransacked the property as she sat helplessly in her chair, before making off with all of her bank cards and the key to her mobility scooter. The pair were arrested hiding in undergrowth after returning to the same address in the early hours to try to burgle it again and Marshall had the cards on her. She told police she had come down from Hartlepool with her new husband, who had taken heroin after falling in with the wrong people. He has numerous previous convictions from burglary and had only been freed from a three year sentence months earlier. Mr Paul Dentith, defending Young, said he had been doing well on a methadone script before going off the rails during his holiday in Devon. Mr Martin Salloway, for Marshall, said she had only been married to Young for a few weeks. He said: 'She does not make any excuses although there were all sorts of reasons why this happened. 'They got married and she has two children from an earlier relationship who are being looked after by their father.' Judge Wassall told them: 'You both have bad records and this offence is aggravated by the fact one victim is an elderly lady living alone who would have been very disturbed by intrusion, even though no direct threats were made.'	Gary Young and Amy Marshall were staying at Suncrest Hotel in Torbay . They decided to try and pay for their stay by stealing cash and bank cards . They stole from the home of an 81-year-old widow as she sat in her chair . Pair were caught going back to rob the house again that night .
Mr Bond said he is 'not over it yet' in TV interview . He became world famous after orchestrating Australia's victory over the US in the America's cup . By . Richard Shears . UPDATED: . 11:28 EST, 20 September 2013 . British-born businessman Alan Bond has spoken for the first time since the suicide of his beloved wife Diana Bliss 20 months ago - and admitted that her death and other problems had brought him close to breaking point. 'I'm not over it yet,' the 75-year-old former high flier said in a reference to the time when Miss Bliss was found dead in the swimming pool of their mansion in Western Australia, a tragedy, he said had 'shattered' him. Theatre producer Miss Bliss, 57, died 17 years after she and Bond were married in a high-profile wedding, a marriage he has always said changed his life for the better. Tragedy: Millionaire Alan Bond (right) discovered his wife Diana Bliss (left) dead in the swimming pool at their home in Perth, Western Australia . Miss Bliss had left a suicide note for Mr Bond - a controversial figure in business circles and who served four years in jail for fraud - in which she told him 'My love, I miss you. You will always be with me.' Mr Bond, speaking to Australia's Channel 10 network from his countryside home in England - where he and Miss Bliss had spent so much time together - said that despite giving his wife all his care, he was unable to pull her out of her 'black spot'. 'You do the nurturing. For the 15 months before Di passed away I was a full-time carer for her. 'We never went out and with all the ability of the best medics in the world to treat her, we couldn't get through that barrier. She couldn't get through the barrier.' London-born Mr Bond and Miss Bliss were married in 1992, three years after he divorced his first wife, Eileen - known in Perth's social circles as 'Big Red' - and in the same year that he was declared bankrupt with personal debts of more than £300 million. He told the Revealed show in the TV interview that Diane used to love it in their English home. 'I tried to get her out of her dark spot by bringing her here and she loved the walks. It's just a peaceful place.' Luxury: Miss Bliss, 57, is believed to have been found by Mr Bond floating in the pool of their home (pictured) Aerial view: The swimming pool in the back garden of the couple's mansion is circled in red . It was after he had put bankruptcy and jail time behind him, he settled down to a peaceful life with Miss Bliss - but it was not to be. For his eldest daughter, Suzanne Bond, was found in her Perth home a day after Mr Bond had returned from London in 2000. 'It was about eight months after Diana's death. I came out of the Farm Street Church in London where I had just lit some candles for Di and for Susan, when I was walking back to the hotel and all of a sudden it just lifted. It was like you reach a point and it lifts. 'I think it's a question of are you going to give up, or are you going to go the next 100 yards of your life? And for me, giving up is not really an option.' It was Mr Bond who was behind Australia's victory over the US in the America's Cup 30 years ago - a 'David and Goliath story,' he said - but it was an event that contributed to his financial and legal troubles. Mourning: A grief-filled Mr Bond had spoken only briefly about Miss Bliss's death . 'It made me identifiable all over the world,' he told the TV station. 'If I could achieve a win in the America's cup, is there anything I couldn't do? 'The reality of that is I think the ego got a bit ahead of myself and I really did take on some fantastic projects. 'I became known to all the bankers in the world and they threw money at me.' Now, he says he is just getting on with life. 'I think you have to show that you're bigger than the problems and get on with your life - and make something of your life, which is exactly what I'm doing.' Tragic: Mr Bond is believed to battled desperately to revive his wife, a former air stewardess, and called an ambulance for her . Ms Bliss, who had worked as a Qantas flight attendant, in public relations and later as a successful theatre producer, married Bond in 1995 after he had been discharged as a bankrupt. He was divorced from his first wife, Eileen, three years earlier. Bond, 73, who emigrated with his parents from London to Australia in 1950, began as a signwriter but went on to become a multi-millionaire whose investments in airships, property, breweries and diamond mines enabled him to bankroll challenges for the America’s Cup, the premier international yacht race. In 1983, his Australia II Syndicate won the trophy, which had been  held by the New York Yacht Club since 1851. In 1987, Bond controversially bought Vincent van Gogh’s Irises for £36 million – at the time the highest price paid for a single painting. But the purchase was subsidised by a substantial loan from auctioneer Sotheby’s, which Bond failed to repay. Art experts suggested it may have been a manipulated sale designed to artificially inflate the value. After his empire collapsed, Bond was declared bankrupt in 1992 with personal debts of £1.2 billion. He was jailed for seven years in 1997 after pleading guilty to using his controlling interest in the Bell Resources company to siphon off more than £800 million into the coffers of his Bond Corporation. He served four years in jail and since then he has worked with his son, Craig, to build up a new fortune in oil and diamonds. By 2008, Bond was said to be worth about £170 million.	Mr Bond said he is 'not over it yet' in TV interview . He became world famous after orchestrating Australia's victory over the US in the America's cup .
Sir Lawrie Barratt, who made affordable home ownership a reality for millions with his nationwide housing developments has died at the age of 85. Sir Lawrie, who died yesterday at his home in Corbridge, Northumberland, was responsible for important innovations in the way houses were built and marketed. The grandfather, who was threatened by armed robbers alongside wife Lady . Sheila at their home two years ago, had suffered an . illness before his death. Scroll down for video . Sir Lawrie Barratt with wife Lady Sheila Barratt at his granddaughter's wedding. In 1953, he bought a piece of land and built his dream home. That was the 'little acorn from which the Barratt oak tree would flourish' Sir Lawrie joined Greensitt Bros, run by Lewis Greensitt in 1958. The Company eventually became Greensitt and Barratt  in early 1960's and the company was floated on the Stock Exchange in 1968 as Greensitt and Barratt, with Lewis Greensitt and Lawrie Barratt at the helm. In 1963 the company was renamed Barratt Developments and the firm now employs more than 4,000 people and has 25 divisions across Britain. Sir Lawrie had a talent for giving customers what they wanted and getting the details spot-on, coming up with the concept of fitted kitchens and with clever ways to maximise space. As well as changing the way homes were built, he also affected how they were sold, pioneering the concept of part-exchange, which made ownership a reality for families from all walks of life. His marketing ideas were also inspired, with the company's iconic 1970s helicopter TV adverts promoting £7,000 starter homes becoming some of the most memorable of all time. Right to buy: Sir Lawrie was knighted in 1982, after the firm became famous for designing and building high-quality, affordable homes . After leaving school at just 14, Sir Lawrie trained as an accountant and went to work for a legal firm. He built his first home just outside Newcastle in the mid-1950s, because he could not afford the house he wanted. In 1958, he established Greensitt Bros with  partner Lewis Greensitt, and it was renamed Barratt Developments in 1963, a year after he took control. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1968. The company quickly became one of the largest and best-known house builders in the UK, and Sir Lawrie was knighted in 1982. In 1953, 25-year-old Barratt built a four-bedroom home at Darras Hall, near Newcastle upon Tyne, for £1,750. He then purchased a plot across the road and built two more semis, selling them for a profit.In 1958, he joined Greensitt Bros, run by Lewis Greensitt, and it was renamed Barratt Developments in 1963, a year after he took control. The company, which is today worth in excess of £2bn, was floated on the Stock Exchange in 1968, with Greensitt leaving shortly after the flotation. The firm quickly became the biggest . house-builder in the UK, and within 30 years, Sir Lawrie had gone from . owning a single house to building 10,000-15,000 a year across the UK. In 1983, the firm sold a record 16,500 houses and became the nation’s largest housebuilder. In 1985, the Thatchers bought a Barratt home for £400,000 and Sir Lawrie comes out of retirement briefly in 1991 to save the company after £106m losses. Barratt Developments now employs more than 4,000 people in 25 divisions across the UK. He retired from his roles as chairman and chief executive in 1988 but was called out of retirement in 1991 to become chairman again and restore the business's ailing fortunes, finally retiring for good in 1997. He remained Life President and a significant shareholder in the Company. Just two years ago, the entrepreneur and his wife, Lady Sheila, suffered a harrowing experience when they were tied up in their home by three masked men. The raiders, who were armed with crowbars, bound and gagged the couple before stealing a hoard of expensive jewellery. Their loot included a 338-stone necklace, matching bracelet and earrings and a 35-stone ruby and diamond cluster ring. Mark Clare, chief executive of Barratt Developments, said: 'Sir Lawrie founded the company in 1958 and established it as the largest and best-known house-builder in the country. 'He had the vision to understand how deeply rooted the desire for home ownership is within this country and he then set out to meet that aspiration by designing and building high-quality, affordable homes. 'Under his leadership, the company brought home ownership within reach of many people through innovative support for home-buyers and the high-profile way it was promoted. 'I believe that it is no exaggeration to say that there are hundreds of thousands of people in the UK today, across every walk of life, that have bought or lived in homes inspired by Sir Lawrie.' Fascinating life: Sir Lawrie, pictured in 1993, found innovative ways to support home-buyers - but trouble came to his doorstep two years ago, when he and his wife were attacked by armed robbers . Sir Lawrie with Margaret Thatcher at the foundation stone laying ceremony at St Peter's Basin at Newcastle Quayside . Pioneer: Sir Barratt changed the way homes were built, marrying high quality with affordability through innovative schemes . North East Chamber of Commerce chief executive James Ramsbotham told the Newcastle Journal: 'Sir Lawrie was a well- respected and much-admired member of the North East business community and a pioneer in his field. 'My thoughts are with his family and friends on this very sad day.' Sir Lawrie and Lady Barratt's granddaughter Fiona is married to the former England player Sol Campbell and their son Peter Barratt opened a series of garden centres. Sir Lawrie was also heavily involved in charity work and helped to raise money for Red Cross by opening up the couple’s gardens to the public each year. This year Barratt won the Housebuilder og the Year award. Judges called the company an 'outstanding all-rounder, showing its prowess in the fields of zero carbon, regeneration, design and landscaping'. Meteoric rise: Jjust ten years after its launch in 1958, the company was listed on the London Stock Exchange. It remains one of the largest house builders in the UK . Home improvement: Under Sir Mawrie's stewardship, Barratt offered products that have since become industry-standard, such as fitted kitchens .	Sir Lawrie left home at just 14 and went on to found Barratt Developments . Originally trained in accounting, he first built a home in 1958 in Newcastle . He and his wife Lady Sheila were attacked at their house two years ago .
(CNN)Recently, the new on-demand economy met U.S. employment law, and the encounter left both sides dazed and confused. In San Francisco, one federal district judge speculated that the ride-sharing company Uber may have to treat its drivers as employees rather than independent contractors.  In another courtroom in the same city, a different judge, hearing a lawsuit brought by drivers for Uber's rival, Lyft, opined that U.S. employment laws actually may not cover the drivers as employees. Neither court has yet issued a final decision, but when they do, both judges will be right. Work -- both its structure and its very nature -- is undergoing rapid change in our country. Major corporations are increasingly using subcontracting structures, like outsourcing jobs, hiring workers through staffing agencies, and franchising. By calling workers "independent contractors," companies hope to divest themselves of their legal responsibilities as employers.  At the same time, companies retain enormous control over when, where and how workers do their bidding and build their profits. Companies like Uber and Lyft fit squarely within this paradigm, forcing their drivers (or "partners," in Uber-speak) to bear all of the risk of running their own businesses -- investing in cars, paying for maintenance, insurance and gasoline, but without any guarantee of steady work --while sending much of the rewards to the company. Uber alone is valued at over $41 billion. According to Uber's own survey, the company is comprised of largely part-time drivers making roughly $300 to $400 a week, before paying off their expenses. In the new on-demand economy, companies are turning the Internet into the equivalent of a street corner hiring site and turning workers into day laborers. Hundreds of thousands of people work days-long or hours-long "gigs" -- housecleaning for Homejoy, stocking shelves through Wonolo, or running errands as Taskrabbits. Some gigs last only minutes, and pay as little as a penny per task, including those posted on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. These piece-rate workers do the jobs that computers can't do (yet).  They tag online images, write copy for websites or match performers to labels on CDs. Like the Uber and Lyft drivers, workers who take on these kinds of jobs through online platforms are on their own.  Unless the courts rule otherwise, they will continue to be treated as independent businesses. That means they will have no access to basic legal rights like minimum wage, overtime pay, workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, employer-provided benefits and most critically, the formal right to come together and bargain with the companies for better wages and working conditions. While some workers will, like taxi drivers already have, organize and win fair treatment independent of what the courts rule, that task will be a hard one for workers who work in isolation, cut off from one another. Experts say this is just the beginning of a brave new world in which most workers will have a "portfolio" instead of a job.  Even now, Uber claims 160,000 drivers use its application to find customers and earn money. Mechanical Turk claims 500,000 "turkers" across the globe. PriceWaterhouseCoopers estimated last summer that the sharing economy as a whole, valued at $15 billion in 2013, could reach $335 billion globally by 2025.  It's not hard to see who wins and who loses in this scenario. More people, working in what former U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Robert Reich calls the "sharing the scraps" economy, will have less to live on, no ability to progress in a job and nothing to live on at the end of their work life. As the San Francisco judges recognize, these developments have implications not only for the way in which work is organized, but for whether or not work delivers decent pay and working conditions, the right to join with other workers to improve jobs and the social safety net on which workers rely when they are between jobs or ready to retire from the world of work. If this is our future, we have to get it right. And we can get it right.  We can deliver a decent standard of living for a decent day's work to these workers and those who will follow them.  The jury may still be out on whether companies like Uber, Lyft, and Wonolo and platforms like Mechanical Turk may be employers in the traditional sense.  Some of them certainly are, and some companies will have to treat their workers as employees. But we have other policy solutions close at hand, because we have seen these structures before.  The new platforms operate just like the traditional labor brokers in the agriculture and garment industries, who recruit workers, match them with jobs, and make a tidy profit for themselves in the bargain. Why shouldn't Uber, Lyft, and their kin be required, just like other labor brokers are, to register, pay their workers minimum wage and overtime, limit the commissions they are allowed to keep from each job they arrange and pay the payroll taxes that ensure workers have access to basic benefits like workers' compensation when they are injured and Social Security when they retire? Given the kind of huge revenue being generated in some of these companies, it's not a lot to ask. For the sake of our economic future, we need to make sure that these companies treat workers fairly. America cannot thrive off of a nation of freelancers who are sharing the scraps.	In the new on-demand economy, companies like Uber are turning workers into day laborers . By calling workers "independent contractors," companies reap profits but bear few responsibilities .
An 11-year-old Celtic superfan with Down's Syndrome has been announced as the winner of the Scottish Professional Football League Goal of the Month for January after being invited to take part in a half-time penalty shootout challenge. Jay Beatty, of Armagh, accompanied Celtic for their 2-0 defeat of Hamilton on January 19 where he met players and was asked to take part in a shootout challenge during the interval - in which he duly obliged and scored before celebrating wildly in front of Celtic fans. And he was announced on Friday by former Celtic striker Georgios Samaras as the winner of the competition after receiving 97 per cent of the votes cast on the SPFL website, beating the likes of David Goodwillie and Gary Mackay-Steven. VIDEO Scroll down to Jay Beatty scoring the January SPFL Goal of the Month . Jay Beatty, 11, celebrates after scoring during a half-time penalty shootout challenge last month . 'Wee Jay' strikes the ball during half-time of Celtic's 2-0 victory against Hamilton on January 19 . The youngster, who has Down's Syndrome, was given a rapturous welcome by both sets of supporters . Known affectionately as 'Wee Jay', the youngster captured the hearts of a nation when he was plucked from the crowd by Samaras to join in last year's title winning celebrations. A video of him enjoying Celtic's lap of honour was shown live on Sky Sports and gathered over two million hits on YouTube after going viral. Despite losing 2-0 to Celtic last month, Hamilton had the good grace to include Beatty's strike in their final score, announcing it as 3-0 to Celtic on Twitter. Beatty wins a few new friends as he prepares to take part in the half-time penalty challenge . The Celic superfan is handed the ball by Hamilton Accies Vice-Chairman Ronnie MacDonald . Samaras, who has since left the club and currently plays for Saudi side Al Hilal on loan, was so taken with Beatty that he invited him to last year's World Cup in Brazil. Samaras said: 'Jay my friend. Me and you, we're the same now, scoring goals. I'm very happy to announce that you won the goal of the month. 'Well done pal, great job. I miss you and I love you.' Beatty trains with Celtic after striking up a special relationship with former striker Georgios Samaras (left) Then Celtic manager Neil Lennon gifts Beatty with his medal after winning the title last season . Beatty proudly shows off his medal while being held by his father . The Celtic superfan gives Samaras a hug as he joins in the title-winning celebrations .	Celtic fan Jay Beatty scored in a half-time penalty shootout challenge during game against Hamilton . The 11-year-old became famous after celebrating Hoops' title win with Georgios Samaras last season . Jay has now been announced as the winner of January's SPFL Goal of the Month, beating the likes of David Goodwillie and Gary Mackay-Steven .
(CNN) -- Robyn Lawley, an Australian plus-size model, is getting a cyber-standing ovation for posting unretouched and makeup-free photos of herself on Facebook in protest against the pathological airbrushing we've grown accustomed to in professional photography. It's a bold move for the 25-year-old, who was also a vocal critic of the recent Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue. Her message to women everywhere is clear: Beauty comes in many sizes. The problem is, Lawley is not what average people would call plus-size. In fact, when I initially saw her unretouched photos, I kept scrolling through the gallery looking for her unretouched photos. Her natural beauty is undeniable, but if her body is what the fashion industry is calling plus size, that world is more screwed up than we know. Like, seriously, what kind of hallucinogen do you have to take in order to look at Lawley and think she's on the heavier side? At worst she looks like a fitness instructor at one of those gyms where the women show up in full makeup. I've been to Australia. There are plus-size women there. Lawley, for all of her bravery, should not be considered among them. It's the body image distortion that crammed her into that category, which, for actual plus-size women, can't be a good thing. If a size 6, or even 8, 9, or 10, is the industry's idea of a plus-size woman, then how should the average American woman -- who weighs roughly 165 pounds and wears size 12 or 14 -- describe herself? Morbidly obese? Of course not, which is why size designations have been massaged over time. Many women apparently don't want to know their true size, so what was a size 14 or 16 in the 1950s is an 8 today. Vanity sizing, they call it. This ridiculous shell game is how Lawley, who is a size 12, can be both a plus-size role model and on the thin side of average at the same time. And while this sickeningly unrealistic idea of what we should look like is something mainly inflicted on women, men are not immune. The receding hairline of England's Prince William was infamously resurrected as an issue on a 2010 cover of Hello magazine. Tennis great Andy Roddick's arm grew by 10 inches for his 2007 Men's Fitness cover. Cosmopolitan compiled a hilarious gallery of Photoshopped male celebrities like Jon Hamm next to pictures of how they actually look. Earlier this year male model CJ Richards, talking about photo enhancement, said, "Why would you watch a movie without special effects? You understand that this isn't real. There's Photoshop in magazines and special effects in movies. I mean, it happens. So accept it and know that this is actually a real person underneath all of the computerized effects that they're adding in." Are we really ready to take a look at 'real women'? Fair enough. But then recall the fat-shaming of Prince Fielder after he posed nude in ESPN the Magazine's Body Issue. Or notice such things as the increase in steroid use among young men; global sales of male toiletries other than shaving products surpassing purchase of shaving products for the first time; and popularity of the painful sounding "Brozilian" waxes. That's when you see it's not just women who are spending money and risking their health to try to look like a picture in a magazine. So, while it's puzzling that Lawley is considered plus-size, I guess we can say good for her for putting herself out there a bit. In an industry with such crazy ideas about what's fat, it's brave, I suppose, to put on a bikini and publish an unedited photo. Hopefully the attention she draws will shed light on how stupid it is to listen an industry that labeled her plus-size/fat in the first place.	LZ Granderson: "Plus-size" model gets cyberapplause for posting unretouched pix . LZ: If she's "plus-size," it's bad news for average women, who run about 165 pounds . He says America's distorted views of beauty, appearance affect women and men . LZ: Maybe Lawley's brave photos will raise awareness of how crazy our beauty image is .
By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 07:05 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:23 EST, 9 August 2013 . She may be fast approaching her 40th . birthday but Kate Moss's domination of the fickle fashion world . shows no sign of abating. After twenty stellar years dominating the industry Kate has seen her earnings triple in the past year alone. Her total earnings as of October 2012 for the preceding year totalled £11.72 million - that's nearly three times the amount she earned in 2011. Big earner: Kate Moss has seen her earnings triple despite being in the industry for over 20 years . The Telegraph have revealed that Moss' company, Tilly Church, posted profits of almost £8 million, according to figures filed at Companies House. And her second company, Skate LLP, saw earnings of £3.8 million. This was topped off by lucrative campaigns, deals and appearances such as her own range for Rimmel, her stint in the Olympics Closing Ceremony and a starring role in George Michael's music video. The 39-year-old also fronted campaigns for Salvatore Ferragamo, Mango, Rag & Bone and Dior Addict. The best is yet to come: This year saw her publish her own book, launch a phone accessories collection, and star in campaigns with Stuart Weitzman, Versace, Givenchy, Matchless and St Tropez . And while 2012 was a lucrative year for the model, earnings for 2013 look set to be even bigger. In 2013 she has already published her own book, launched a mass market phone accessories collection with Carphone Warehouse and starred in campaigns with Stuart Weitzman, Versace, Givenchy, Matchless and St Tropez. The latest figures prove that the 2005 drug scandal, where she was pictured allegedly snorting cocaine with ex-boyfriend Pete Doherty, was just a minor blip in her career . While she was immediately dropped by a number of high profile names such as H&M and Chanel as a result - later winning back the contract with the latter - she has gone on to reestablish herself a major player in the fashion industry, and is arguably bigger than ever. Back to the day job: Kate's most recent job has been designing an accessories collection with Carphone Warehouse . 1988: Discovered by Storm Model Management founder Sarah Doukas at JFK Airport on her way back from a holiday in Bahamas, when she was 14 . 1990: Shot for The Face in a cover shoot . 1992: Starred in Calvin Klein campaigns with Mark Wahlberg . 1995: Won Fashion Personality of the Year award . 2002: Gave birth to Lila Grace, her daughter with then-boyfriend, Dazed and Confused editor, Jefferson Hack . 2005: Announced as face of Rimmel London . 2005: Pictures of her published allegedly snorting cocaine, prompting her to be dropped from  H&M, Chanel and Burberry . 2006: Named 'Model of the Year' at British Fashion Awards . 2007: Launched first collection for Topshop . 2010: Released final Topshop collection . 2012: Walked in Olympic Closing Ceremony . 2013: Launched accessories collection with Carphone Warehouse . Fresh-faced: Kate Moss pictured at New York fashion week back in the 1990s .	Total earnings as of October 2012 for the preceding year totalled £11.72m . That's nearly three times amount she earned in previous year . 2013 looks set to see her earnings grow again . Recently launched a phone accessory collection with Carphone Warehouse .
Survey finds that 55 per cent of us have a pet name for our other hald, but 'darling' is the more common name in the south . 'Darling' is the most common term of affection between British couples - but where you live affects your cheeky pet names, a new YouGov poll has revealed. In total, 55 per cent of UK adults have a pet name for a loved one - with two thirds happy to say out out loud in front of friends and family. But while people in London and the south of England were more likely to use 'darling', 'love' was the favoured term of affection in the North of England and Wales. 'Ducky' was most popular across the Midlands (10 per cent, compared to 3 per cent UK-wide), while 'sweetheart' was most commonly used in the East of England (30 per cent). Singles in the Tyne & Wear area were the most likely to use 'pet' (17 per cent), while 22 per cent of Mancunians favour 'sexy'. In Yorkshire, 'Love' is the favoured term of endearment, used by 31 per cent; while in Glasgow or Edinburgh you're most likely to call your loved one 'honey' or 'hun' (used by 28 per cent.) In Merseyside, Scousers are more likely to use 'babe' or 'babes' (35 per cent); and the nickname 'baby' is most commonly used in Wales (29 per cent). A surprisingly large number of men - 15 per cent - admit referring to their loved one as 'the boss', whilst 'her indoors' (9 per cent) and 'the ball and chain' (3 per cent) were also popular. Some were more forgiving, with 14 per cent opting for 'my better half', the YouGov survey for Match.com of over 4,000 people found. Females were more mild-mannered, opting for 'the hubby' (20 per cent), 'husband' (51 per cent) or 'partner' (28 per cent). Match.com's relationship expert Kate Taylor said: 'Pet names play an important role at every stage of relationships. 'Before a couple get together, they often use fun, flirty nicknames for each other to move ahead to a more personal level of interaction. It creates a tiny shared bond. 'When dating, pet names are used to reinforce a couple's bond, both privately and to the outside world, whilst in long-term relationships, "love" or "pet" can become simple shorthand for, "I care about you." Affectionate couples in the north refer to each other as 'love', while Ducky was popular in the Midlands and sweetheart came to in the east . 'Pet names are an effective way of adding romance to everyday communications. 'The success of email-based dating websites shows us how important words are for fostering relationships, so use them!' The research also found that single, online daters will use pet names when they start communicating with someone through a mobile dating app. The most popular pet name to use when singles first start chatting is 'hun' or 'honey' (28 per cent) followed by 'Babe' (26 per cent), whilst 21 per cent use the term 'darling'.	'Darling' most popular name in UK and favourite of those living in the south . 'Sweetheart' used in east of England, while 'love' is popular up North . Three per cent use 'old ball and chain' and 15 per cent of men use 'the boss'
A number of turkeys are likely to be left feeling ‘unfulfilled’ tomorrow as stuffing topped the list of items most likely to be forgotten in the Christmas shop, new research revealed. Almost half of Brits (44 per cent) admit to forgetting at least one Christmas dinner essential in the mad Yuletide rush. Stuffing (11 per cent) was followed closely by cranberry sauce (10 per cent) as the most forgotten item. Scroll down for video . Almost half of Britons forget at least one Christmas dinner essential in the mad Yuletide rush . Stuffing (pictured), cranberry sauce, brandy sauce, bread sauce and sausages were the top five forgotten foods. While 3 per cent of shoppers have forgotten to purchase the all-essential turkey . Amazingly, three per cent of those surveyed said they were guilty of forgetting to buy the turkey when doing their Christmas food shopping, even though they passed by the poultry aisle. The survey of 4,000 Brits by Morrisons also revealed that 18-24 year olds are more than twice as likely to forget to buy a turkey for their Christmas dinner than stock up on alcohol supplies. Overall, five per cent will forget to buy alcohol as opposed to the three per cent who admitted forgetting to buy the most important item on the Christmas menu. It also revealed that we are a nation of over-shoppers with almost half of us (48 per cent) having to eat Christmas leftovers until the New Year due to overestimating the shopping. But a smug 47 per cent do buy just the right amount of food and drink. Brits will throw away the equivalent of 4.2 million dinners on Christmas Day, a study by Unilever revealed . On Christmas Day itself, a study by Unilever revealed British households will throw away the equivalent of 4.2 million dinners. The food we leave on our plates on December 25 adds up to to 263,000 turkeys, 740,000 Christmas puddings and 17.2 million Brussels sprouts across the UK. Figures showed that nearly 10 per cent of every festive meal is thrown away, which equates to an incredible £64million of wasted food. The sprouts alone would fill 1,000 wheelie bins, leftover carrots would reach from London to Munich when lined up end-to-end and unused gravy would fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool.	Almost half of Brits will forget at least one Christmas dinner essential . Cranberry sauce, Brussels sprouts and cheese are also regularly forgotten . Three per cent forget to buy a turkey and five per cent leave out sausages .
The old record, set in 2012, was 60 peeps in two minutes. On Friday, Matt Stonie, engaged in the gooey challenge, eating a combination of both yellow — the original — and pink colored of the marshsmallow candy that is shaped like a chick. The candy is specially popular around Easter, when the manufacturer, Just Born, comes out with bunny Peeps. Scroll down for video . Just 15 seconds in, competitive eater Matt Stonie has already consumed 17 marsmallow peeps . Christie's lips have turned red from the pink colored Peeps he ate, as he finishes the last of 100 Peeps in just over two minutes . Stonie is in some discomfort after he ate 100 Peeps in two minutes and 10 seconds . More than 700 million of the candy chicks and bunnies are consumed annually in the United States. In a video posted on YouTube, unwrapped packages of Peeps can be seen before Stonei dumps them onto a kitchen counter. He then stacks the Peeps up neatly. When he starts eating, he put a row of five Peeps in his mouth at a time. A counter in the upper left hand corner keeps count. Dramatic music featuring drums plays in the background. In between eating rows, Stonie takes a drink from a small cup. The 100 Peeps are laid out on a kitchen counter before Stonie devoured them. An estimated 700 millions Peeps, made by Just Born, are eaten every year in the U.S. At one point, Stonie spits up a Peep, but quickly puts it back in his mouth and keeps on eating. When the 100th Peep is eaten, a stopwatch reads two minutes and 10 seconds. However, Stonie is not pleased. 'Damnit, I wanted two minutes,' he says. 'Not very good.' Stonie is not an amateur competitive eater. He has participated in eating challenges involving tacos, Big Macs (five in 60 seconds) and the legendary Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest held every July 4th in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York. Stonie doesn't have much time to rest up before his next contest either. He will defend his title in a fried asparagus eating contest on April 26. Around Easter, some cities are known to host Peeps eating contests known as Peep Offs. The first one was held in Maryland in 2004. And there are also Peeps competitions where people use the candy as characters in dioramas.	Matt Stonie, who participates in other competitive eating contests, broke the old record of 60 Peeps in two minutes . He ate a combination of yellow and pink Peeps, which are shaped into chicks or bunnies and are popular around Easter . Stonie is disappointed at the accomplishment as he wanted to do it in under two minutes . He will compete in a fried asparagus eating competition on April 26 .
Airport body scanners that produce graphic images of travelers' bodies will be removed from checkpoints by June, the Transportation Security Administration says, ending what critics called "virtual strip searches." Passengers will continue to pass through machines that display a generic outline of the human body, raising fewer privacy concerns. The TSA move came after Rapiscan, the manufacturer of the 174 so-called "backscatter" machines, acknowledged it could not meet a congressional-ordered deadline to install privacy software on the machines. "It is big news," said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. "It removes the concern that people are being viewed naked by the TSA screener." In 2004 and 2005, the TSA at first dismissed privacy concerns, then sought to address them by placing TSA officers viewing the scanner imagery in remote locations, away from the passenger being screened. They also gave passengers the right to an alternative screening -- a pat down. Speedier trip through airport security could come within a decade . But those solutions failed to appease privacy groups and some members of Congress, who felt both alternatives could be abused. Ultimately, a problem caused by technology was solved by technology. Security companies developed privacy software, called Automated Target Recognition (ATR) software. But while manufacturers of the less-intrusive "millimeter wave" machines found ways to use ATR software, backscatter machines have not. This week, the TSA announced it is ending its contract with Rapiscan "due to its inability to deploy non-imaging ATR software." How much do we really hate the TSA? "By June 2013 travelers will only see machines which have ATR that allow for faster throughput. This means faster lanes for the traveler and enhanced security," the TSA said in a statement. The TSA could allow backscatter machines in the future if the company develops the required software, the TSA said. Currently, the TSA uses the 174 backscatter machines in 30 airports, and has another 76 units in storage. It uses millimeter wave machines in 170 airports. The decision to remove the backscatter machine will make moot, at least temporarily, travelers' concerns about the health effects of the machines. Backscatter machines use X-rays, while millimeter wave machines use radio waves. The TSA has long maintained both machines are safe, but recently signed an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to study the scanners. The study will continue even though the machines are being pulled, the TSA said, because they could be reintroduced in the future. 2013 travel: Wishes for smooth journeys .	TSA is removing certain body scanning machines . Critics said they amounted to virtual strip searches . Move came after manufacturer could not meet privacy software deadline .
A 24-year-old woman has up to 50 orgasms a day due to a rare medical condition which leaves her constantly aroused. Amanda Gryce, who suffers from Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder, says the condition has almost  ruined her life. Her uncontrolled orgasms can be triggered by anything from riding in a car to a loud bass. Scroll Down for Video . Amanda Gryce, with boyfriend Stuart Triplett, suffers from Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder - meaning she can orgasm uncontrollably up to 50 times a day . Miss Gryce said: 'It can happen anywhere and sometimes I'll have five back to back. 'It's not pleasurable - it has become like torture. I've been living with it since I was six.' For years, she suffered in silence, too ashamed to tell friends or family. She said: 'I can have 50 orgasms in one day and five or ten within an hour of each other. 'It happens when I'm with my friends or out in public and it's very embarrassing. Miss Gryce suffered in silence for years because she was too ashamed to confide in friends, family or a doctor . 'It kills me inside. I just have to put on a smile and pretend that nothing's wrong.' Once at the point of despair, she is now turning her life around after finding love - and much needed medical treatment, after battling doctors who didn't understand PGAD or how to treat it. Miss Gryce said: 'Since last year I've been on a quest to find out more about this condition. 'It's been one disappointment after another thanks to the reluctance of some doctors to see this as a valid condition.' But after making contact with pelvic pain expert Dr Robert Echenberg, she hopes she has found a way to control her orgasms. Miss Gryce said: 'After seeing Dr Echenberg I found there are things which can . reduce the intensity of the orgasms - even though they are still . constant. 'I take medication to numb the areas and do exercise to try to take me mind of it.  Taking control over the disorder rather then it controlling me is a dream come true. However, under doctors' orders, Miss Gryce and her boyfriend Stuart Triplett, 22, must abstain from sexual contact. The couple met seven months ago on a dating website. And despite previously having sex to cope when her symptoms were bad, she must now stay celibate. She said: 'It was difficult at first to explain my disorder to Stuart. I wasn't sure when was the right time or how he was going to react. 'But he's so supportive, he completely understands and he is just my rock. Since seeking help a year ago, Miss Gryce is slowly getting her condition under control. She also has treatment from physical therapist Gina Parsons (pictured) 'Stuart's really been holding me back as far as the intimacy goes - he actually has to remind me we're not allowed to do anything.' Recently Miss Gryce visited physical therapist Gina Parsonis in Clearwater, Florida, . who examined how her body reacts to the condition. She also performs meditation and stretching excersises to keep her episodes under control. Now Miss Gryce and Mr Triplett hope to move in together and plan their future. The couple must also abstain from sex until she gets her condition under control - something that meditation can help with . He said: 'I suppose you could say it was love at first sight with Amanda. Dealing with her symptoms at first was kind of a challenge, because I didn't quite know how to approach it the right way. 'As far as the sex ban goes, it was kind of hard to cope with but then I realised that it's important to her health that she doesn't do this so I've been able to abstain as well as her. 'I'll continue to do whatever I can to support her.' Miss Gryce added: 'This past year has been amazing. Meeting Stuart and Dr Echenberg, I finally feel like I'm going to have a more normal life - and eventually a positive sex life.' Dr David Goldmeier, an expert on sexual medicine at Imperial College in London said: 'Persistent genital arousal disorder is a newly recognised condition, where the sufferer complains of long periods of genital arousal that are not associated with sexual desire. 'PGAD sufferers experience intrusive, unsolicited and spontaneous genital arousal that can be unrelenting. This arousal can persist for hours, days or even longer. 'This can be highly distressing for a woman and despite attempts to relieve it with sexual activity or orgasm, this often doesn't help or can worsen the symptoms. 'Spontaneous genital arousal is quite common but it's those women who can't control the arousal which is uncommon. 'I see around 20 women a year with this condition, it may be as common as one in 100 we just don't know. 'Sometimes it may resolve on its own, there is no cure but there are a number of ways to manage the symptoms such as meditation and pelvic floor exercises along with pain medication for the patient.'	Amanda Gryce, from Florida, suffers Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder . Condition means she can have several orgasms in just a few hour . Can be triggered from anything from car journey to a loud bass . Suffered condition since she was six but didn't seek help until last year . Treatment means that she and boyfriend Stuart CAN'T have sex . She is hoping that through treatment, she will eventually have normal sex life .
By . Janine Self . Which game will you watch on Saturday night? English football's showcase finale is under threat from Spain. Barcelona and Atletico Madrid's title decider on Saturday will clash with the FA Cup final between Arsenal and Hull. ITV and BT Sport have the broadcast rights to the Wembley match but Sky Sports will be hoping to snatch away viewers as La Liga goes down to a winner-takes-all meeting at the Nou Camp. Facing the media: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger speaks to the assembled press earlier this week . Going for glory: Robbie Brady takes a swing at a water bottle as Huill prepare for their showdown with Arsenal . Atletico have a three-point lead over second-placed Barca but Lionel Messi and Co will become champions with a victory because of their superior head-to-head record. A draw and Atletico would win their first title in 18 years and break the Barcelona-Real Madrid stranglehold for the first time since 2005. The FA Cup final is beamed round the world and usually pulls in millions of viewers. Traditionalists who have campaigned for the return of the 3pm Saturday afternoon kick-off have been told that early evening is a ratings winner. Battle: Lionel Messi vies for the ball with Filipe Luis in their Champions League clash last month . Glory: Atletico Madrid are bidding for their first La Lia title in 18 years when they face Barcelona on Saturday . Leading the pack: Jack Wilshere and his Arsenal team-mates are put through their paces on Thursday . Unfortunately the same thinking applies in Catalonia this weekend, which means neutrals must decide between the magic of the Cup or the glamour of the La Liga. While Hull's progress to the final is a fairytale for the city, the club do not have a world-wide fan base which makes it less appealing on a global basis.Arsenal's pulling power is greater as Arsene Wenger bids to end his nine-year trophy drought. There is another issue at stake. The FA's sponsorship deal with Budweiser ends after Saturday's final, which means that Arsenal vs Hull is also a major marketing opportunity. One that the likes of Messi, Xavi, etc can mess up as they bid to snatch the title after a season which has been dogged by off-field issues, not least the tragic death of former coach Tito Vilanova. Glory: Will Arsenal, pictured here beating Wigan in the last four, secure their first silverware since 2005?	FA Cup final and Barcelona's clash against Atletico Madrid kick-off at 5pm . Arsenal are bidding for their first silverware in nine seasons . Barcelona will win the title if they beat Atletico Madrid at the Nou Camp .
By . Freya Noble For Daily Mail Australia . and Daniel Piotrowski For Daily Mail Australia . and Aap . The adult daughter of baby Gammy's father David has broken her silence, admitting she was responsible for whispers that the Farnells believed baby Gammy was dead. In an interview published by local newspaper The Bunbury Mail, Jane Farnell said she had told friends the baby, who has Down Syndrome, had died because it was simpler than 'dragging them into all the confusion'. 'My parents never said Gammy had died, that came from me,' the newspaper quoted Ms Farnell saying. Scroll down for video . Jane Farnell (left) with David Farnell (centre) and Wendy Farnell (right). The Farnell family: Featuring Jane (far right), David (far left) and Wendy (right of David). Pattaramon Janbua, pictured here with surrogate child Gammy, has claimed she was asked to abort him and his twin sister Pipah seven months in to her pregnancy . 'The only reason I told my friends that he had died was that it was easier than dragging them all into the confusion.' 'I thought it would be easier to say he had passed away and then have to explain it later on if he came home.' Ms Farnell added that baby Gammy's twin sister, Pipah, was a happy little girl who only cried during teething. She said that Mr Farnell, a convicted child sex offender had done a 'terrible thing' in the past, but she believed in the integrity of the child protection system. Overnight Pattharamon Janbua claimed on Thai Rath News that David and Wendy Farnell asked her to abort both children when she was seven months pregnant. Ms Janbua also said the agents and doctors caring for were aware that Gammy had Down Syndrome early into her pregnancy. Furthermore, she said she used someone else's name and ID to register for surrogacy as she was only 19 when she made the agreement with an agency. 'It was the agent ... she said that they (the Farnells) wanted to abort both of the children'. Ms Janbua told the program, adding she broke down in tears when she received this news. 'She said that the parents had been very shocked and frightened... they were insisting on the abortion. I said I couldn't do that... cause I was seven months into the pregnancy already.' Ms Janbua said she was then given the option to abort just one of the children - the one with a disability - though she still refused this as she believed she was too far into the pregnancy. 'They told me that the child would have to be injected with some drugs (or poison) to take his life and then be taken out by surgical process. Then the girl would go into the incubator right away ... these words have since then stayed in my head', Ms Janbua revealed. In an interview with a Thai news program, she said David and Wendy Farnell knew months before she did that Gammy had Down Sydnrome . Also in her interview in Thailand, Ms Janbua said she believed doctors, agents and the Farnells knew about Gammy's Down Syndrome as early as four months into her pregnancy, but they did not notify her until she started having complications around seven months. She said she was sent test results to her home throughout her pregnancy, telling her that her babies were healthy and neither had any disability, mental or otherwise. 'The agency, the doctors as well as the parents knew (about Gammy's Down Syndrome) already since the fourth month of the pregnancy', Ms Janbua claimed. 'I was getting sick and had to go and stay in the hospital ... around the seventh month of the pregnancy. That's when they told me. But before that they have never mentioned anything about it to me.' In their first interview since the scandal broke, the Farnells said on Sunday night they would have asked the surrogate mother to terminate the pregnancy if they had known earlier on about Gammy's disability. However they claimed they knew nothing about his condition until around the seven month mark. Ms Janbua also said doctors and her surrogacy agents were aware of a condition she carried which may result in any baby being born with a disability, but they did not notify her . In Australia, laws on the terminations of pregnancies vary state to state, but in Western Australia - where the Farnells are from - the four month mark would still be considered a safe time to abort the children as it is legal to have an abortion during the first 20 weeks of pregnancy. Ms Janbua, who already has two children of her own, also said she believed she was misled by the agents and doctors in charge of her, as they withheld information about a health condition she had. When she underwent blood tests prior to carrying the embryo, they showed Ms Janbua had thalassemia, a common blood disorder that can cause stillbirth, a range of growth and learning disorders and heart failure. 'Nobody told me anything ...I asked the agency that if I had this disease ... would that mean that I should not get into pregnancy? They said that it was okay. The doctor said it was alright', she told the program. 'I didn't know that if you have thalassemia there will be great chances that your child will suffer from down-syndrome. If the doctor had told me ... probably I would not have gone through with the procedure.' The Farnells, pictured here with Gammy's twin sister Pipah, have been at the centre of the surrogacy scandal after Ms Janbua claimed they left Gammy in Thailand because of his disability . Another twist raised by Ms Janbua was that she originally registered for surrogacy using the identity of her partner's brother's girlfriend, as she was three months shy of 20 years old at the time. 'The agency told that is was okay... that I could use somebody else's ID instead. I didn't know what they were using my name for... they just told me that they will need give this name to the clinic ... to register myself', she said. Ms Janbua claimed she did this as she had little knowledge about the surrogacy process, and only changed her name on the forms after she had to sign documents at the embassy.	Adult daughter of David and Wendy Farnell speaks publicly for the first time . Overnight Pattharamon Janbua spoke to Thai Rath news in an extensive interview . Ms Janbua claimed she was asked to abort Gammy and his sister at seven months pregnant . She  said doctors knew Gammy had Down Syndrome as early as four months .
(CNN)A Korean Air executive has resigned from some of her duties after she ordered a flight to be turned around to the gate and a flight attendant off the plane because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate. Heather Cho, whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah, resigned Tuesday from the airline's catering and in-flight sales business, and its cabin service and hotel business divisions, an airline spokesman said. But she is keeping her title as a vice president of the national carrier, he said. As for the next steps, the spokesman told CNN there is an investigation going on, so "we will have to see." The incident occurred Friday at New York's JFK airport on a flight due to take off for the South Korean city of Incheon. Cho reportedly demanded that the plane go back to the gate so the crew member who served her macadamia nuts out of a bag rather than on a plate in First Class could be kicked off the flight. Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service, she was only a passenger on this flight and was not flying in an official capacity. According to South Korean news agency Yonhap, Cho is the eldest daughter of Korean Air's chairman, Cho Yang-ho. He apologized Tuesday for any inconvenience caused to passengers and said the incident would be investigated, the news agency reported. Korean Air also issued an apology on Heather Cho's behalf, Yonhap reported, in which she asked for forgiveness. "I will take full responsibility for the incident and step down from my post," she is quoted as saying. Korean Air apologized for any discomfort to those on the flight and said there had been no safety issues involved. The plane arrived at its destination only 11 minutes behind schedule, according to Yonhap. "Even though it was not an emergency situation, backing up the plane to order an employee to deplane was an excessive act," the airline said in a statement. "We will re-educate all our employees to make sure service within the plane meets high standards." According to her biography on the website of Nanyang Technological University, Heather Cho joined the airline in 1999 and has since been "actively involved in establishing a new corporate identity for Korean Air." She studied at Cornell University and the University of Southern California. CNN's June-eun in Seoul, Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong and Larry Register in Atlanta contributed to this report.	Heather Cho asks for forgiveness, says she takes full responsibility, airline says . Korean Air says Cho has resigned from some roles but is keeping VP title . Airline says ordering a flight assistant to get off the plane was excessive . Cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag .
(CNN) -- Twenty years ago, Newt Gingrich and the GOP rode to power on Capitol Hill with a slick "policy manifesto" called the . "Contract With America." Today, some Republican lawmakers are calling for another such "contract" with the hope that they can stimulate greater interest in Republican ideas and policies. Frustrated with colleagues who seem more interested in attacking President Obama than in proposing new ideas, Sen. Lindsey Graham and others are seeking a reprise of 1994, when Gingrich's platform touted five ideas that the Republicans promised to pursue if voters gave them power in the midterm elections. But even if Republicans move forward with a new manifesto -- which some in the GOP oppose in fear of overpromising anything in an era when Washington seems incapable of doing anything -- the product would have little effect on the big problem that Republicans are facing. While Republicans stand a good chance of retaining the House and regaining control of the Senate in the midterms, polls show that the Republican brand name is in big trouble and huge portions of the electorate don't trust the party with power. This doesn't bode well for future presidential elections, when many more voters turn out than in midterms, or for their long-term fortunes on Capitol Hill. The problems facing the GOP are much bigger than anything a media-friendly set of promises can provide. Over the years, the Republicans have inflicted great damage on the image of their party. According to a new Gallup poll, the difference between conservatives and liberals on many issues has shrunk dramatically. Conservatives have lost the advantage they have enjoyed on issues such as gay rights. Gallup predicts that voters will soon be reporting themselves as more liberal on social issues than conservative if the trend continues. Even as much of the electorate has moved toward the center or even the left on social and cultural issues like gay rights and the legalization of marijuana, the official Republican Party has stood still, adhering to the ideas from the culture wars of the 1980s rather than adjusting to the realities of modern times. The same is true on immigration reform, where the party has hued to a hardline stance against a path to citizenship despite the fact that polls show strong public support for liberal legislation. There was a moment when Republicans could have moved in a different direction. When he was in the White House, President George W. Bush, through his ideas of compassionate conservatism as well as his strong advocacy of liberalized immigration policies, did push his party to move away from hardline social conservatism, focusing instead on economic and national security ideas. But he failed. Hardline Republicans blocked his agenda, while the controversies over Iraq and how he handled Hurricane Katrina undermined his political strength. The Republicans on Capitol Hill won the debate, and now the party as a whole is paying the cost. Neither have Republicans helped themselves with economic policy. Ultimately, political parties can't thrive without the support of the middle class. Republicans who have inhabited the White House in recent decades, ranging from Richard Nixon's campaign to appeal to the "silent majority" to Ronald Reagan's lure of disaffected Democrats, have found different ways to let voters know that they would back the middle class. Nixon railed against the tumult of the 1960s, appealing to middle-class white Americans who he said were being ignored. Even while courting business, he still accepted policies that helped them. Reagan did the same. Recently, Republicans have had more trouble making this work. Their economic policies leave many Americans feeling that they are left out of the party. This is why that "47%" remark of Mitt Romney in 2012 election resonated so powerfully. Republicans are still in better shape with their economic policies than on other issues, but that too is a fading advantage. They look more like the party of the 1% at a time many middle-class Americans are struggling to get by. Republicans have greatly damaged their reputation as a party that can or even wants to govern. Polls consistently show that more Americans trust Democrats than Republicans to handle the major issues of the day. The Republican strategy of obstruction has been very successful at stifling Obama and rallying support among the party faithful. Vicious attacks are a terrific way to motivate activists to get to the polls but not as good at winning broad support among more moderate and independent voters who want elected officials who can lead. Many Americans have concluded that the Republicans are more interested in obstruction than solving policy problems. Although congressional obstruction can cause great problems for the White House, as Sen. Mitch McConnell famously understood from day one of the Obama presidency, it is not a good way to build broader support for the party. It doesn't look like the adults are in control of the room when Republicans are in charge. No matter what they say, Republicans still don't look like a big parts of the American electorate. The leadership of the party is still white and still male, which does affect who voters think the candidates will support. A recent study by the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University provided devastating findings for the party on this front, showing that the gender gap in terms of political candidates is huge even if Republicans have made slight, very slight, progress in recent years. There are six times as many women, the study found, representing Democrats as Republicans. The number of female Republican candidates running has declined since 2012, despite a concerted effort by the party to bring more of a gender balance to the tickets. Over time, Democrats have steadily improved (PDF) their gender diversity. All of these problems point to the fact that Republicans have some really substantial rebuilding work ahead of them in the coming years. If the party's only solution is a five-point printout, they are unlikely to find themselves overcoming the leadership gap that they face. The GOP needs to do more than make promises; the party needs to reconfigure some of its basic policy agenda to prove it hasn't become a party that has left much of the electorate behind.	20 years ago, a policy manifesto helped GOP ride to power on Capitol Hill . Julian Zelizer says a similar document today wouldn't have the same impact . Republicans need a major shift in their stance to attract younger voters, he says .
Washington (CNN) -- Marijuana cultivation in Mexico increased 35 percent in 2008 and continues to grow, even as authorities there push forward with a large offensive against drug cartels that smuggle the product into the United States, according to a State Department report released this week. The 2010 International Narcotics Control Strategy Report (INCSR), is a yearly report that assess anti-drug efforts around the world. The part of the report dealing with Mexico is illuminating because most of the illegal drugs in the United States are transported and smuggled through there. "There's a broad impact in the United States of cartel operations that are based or emanating from Mexico," Assistant Secretary of State David T. Johnson said at the news conference where the report was released. The report could be additional fuel for critics who say that Mexican President Felipe Calderon's war against the drug cartels has been ineffective at stopping the drug violence or the flow of illegal drugs. "Despite the efforts of the (Mexican government), drug cultivation rose significantly in 2009 according to U.S. government agencies' estimates," the report stated. In 2008, 12,000 hectacres were used for marijuana cultivation, up from 8,900 in 2007. The 35 percent increase is the most recent statistic available, and marks a 16-year high. Mexico also eradicated fewer marijuana plants than in previous years, the study said. "Much of this can be attributed to Mexican law enforcement's shift in focus to harder drugs such as methamphetamine as well as more military and law enforcement resources being diverted to confront the (cartels) and violence," the report said. In the State Department's assessment, Mexico fared better in other areas. By November of last year, Mexico had already seized more metric tons of cocaine than in 2008, 20 compared to 19. More opium gum had also been seized. The report also lauded arrests of Mexican traffickers. There were 36,332 total drug-trafficking arrests made in 2009, a new record for the country, the report stated. Mexico also set a new record for people extradited to the United States, with 100 people sent to face the U.S. justice system, compared to 95 in 2008. Meanwhile, drug production in Colombia, another key international player in the drug trade, decreased, according to the most recent statistics. "I'd say that of the three major coca-producing states in the Andes, Colombia continues to have significant declines, although it remains by far the largest producer," Johnson told reporters. "Peru had a modest increase. And Bolivia has a continuing trend of a step up per year in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 percent that's taken place over the course of the last several years."	Marijuana cultivation in Mexico increased 35 percent in 2008, continues to grow, report says . Total of 36,332 drug-trafficking arrests in Mexico made in 2009, according to report . Report noted that drug production in Colombia also decreased .
Police have reopened the case of a 7-month-old New Jersey girl who went missing more than 26 years ago. Melissa Diane McGuinn disappeared from her Trenton, New Jersey, home on March 6, 1988, and while her family haven't seen or heard from her since, her mother, Becky McGuinn House, is convinced she's still alive. And recently Trenton police got a new lead that could prove she's right. 'I've always felt in my heart that she is out there,' House told ABC News. 'It's not just a whimsy feeling. It's a strong feeling. I feel she is alive.' Scroll down for video . Tragic: Becky McGuinn House with her daughter Melissa who disappeared aged just 7 months . When Melissa went missing, House and her husband Robert McGuinn were sharing a row house in Trenton with another couple - Wanda Reed and her partner - who had an infant son. The two young mothers became close friends and regularly cared for each other's children to give the other a break. So House was not worried on that fateful day when Wanda took her baby girl downstairs while House got dressed. But minutes later, House heard arguing and a neighbor allegedly came running up the stairs and asked where Melissa was. '(I felt) like somebody had ripped my heart out,' House said. A massive search began but there was no sign of the missing infant. Reed was arrested on kidnapping charges but her story about what happened chopped and changed and finally she was deemed mentally unfit to stand trial. 'She was 30 years old, but she had the mind capacity of a 5-, 6-year-old,' House told ABC. ABC News | More ABC News Videos . Search: New Jersey police searched for the missing baby but the case went cold after several years . Reopened: However, police have now reopened the case of Melissa, who they believe would look like the picture, right, now . She reportedly first told detectives she . gave baby Melissa to a man in a car but her description of the car . changed when pressed. She later said she threw the baby in the nearby Delaware River. An intense search of the river ensued but police found no evidence the story was true. Law enforcement continued to chase leads for several years but then the case went cold and was closed. After their loss, House and McGuinn moved to Arkansas where they started a new life, having more children. But they always held out hope of finding their little girl. 'The hardest part is not knowing,' House told ABC. 'Knowing that there's a beautiful young lady out there somewhere that is mine. And I don't know: dead, alive, mistreated, happy?' After her husband died in 2008, House said she always lost hope she'd be reunited with Melissa. But that same year she received a call out of the blue from New Jersey State Police Sgt. Wanda Stajanov who had a new lead in the case. Hopeful: Becky McGuinn House, pictured, has never lost hope that she'll find her daughter . While the lead didn't go anywhere, Stajanov was moved by the case. 'When she called, I felt like there was some hope that somebody actually cared,' House told the TV network. With Detective Paul Sciortino, Stajanov has been re-interviewing witnesses and going through old police reports in an effort to finally solve the mystery of where House's little girl disappeared to. 'I absolutely believe that she's still out there,' said Sciortino. And luckily the investigators actually have a sample of Melissa's DNA, so if they find someone who fits her description they'll easily be able to match her. So far four women all in their mid-twenties have been tested, and all but one have been ruled out. House and the detectives are eagerly waiting DNA results on the fourth but if that too is not her daughter, she said she'll never stop looking. 'I feel one of these days, I'm going to walk up and actually look at myself, just younger. And it's going to be her,' she said.	Melissa Diane McGuinn disappeared from her Trenton, New Jersey, home on March 6, 1988 . While her family haven't seen or heard from her since, her mother, Becky McGuinn House, is convinced she's still alive . And recently Trenton police got a new lead that could prove she's right . Investigators actually have a sample of Melissa's DNA, so if they find someone who fits her description they'll easily be able to match her . So far four women all in their mid-twenties have been tested, and all but one have been ruled out . House and the detectives are eagerly waiting DNA results on the fourth .
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford is battling a rare form of cancer, his doctor announced Wednesday. The 45-year-old mayor, who gained notoriety last year when a video was released showing him smoking crack-cocaine, was hospitalized last week after complaining about a 'unbearable' pain in his abdomen. Doctors at Mt Sinai discovered that the root of the pain was a 'fair sized' tumor. Today, Ford's physician Dr Zane Cohen said the mayor would be undergoing chemotherapy to treat the  tumor. 'It is a difficult and very rare type of tumor,' Dr Cohen said. 'It’s a fairly aggressive tumor.' Scroll down for video . Malignant: Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, and will now undergo treatment with chemotherapy. The mayor pictured above at city hall last July 9 . My brother has been diagnosed with cancer and I can't begin to share how devastating this has been for Rob and our family. He is an incredible person, husband, father, brother and son and he remains upbeat and determined to fight this. Rob has always been so strong for all of us and now I ask us all to be strong for him. Your kind words and well wishes mean everything to him right now. Rob will beat this. On behalf of Rob, his wife Renata, their children, and the entire Ford family, thank you all so much for your continued support and prayers. Last Friday, Ford announced that he could be facing 'the battle of my lifetime' and withdrew his name from his mayoral race. His brother Doug Ford is now running instead. After dropping out of the mayoral race, Ford signed up to run as a councillor in Etobicoke. It's uncertain if he will continue in that race considering the latest diagnosis. While Ford did not speak at the press conference on Wednesday, his brother Doug issued a statement on behalf of the family saying 'Rob will beat this'. 'Rob has always been so strong for all of us and now I ask us all to be strong for him,' Doug added. Last week, Doug Ford said he wouldn't start campaigning for mayor until after today's announcement. 'I’ll be out there, I promise you,' he told the Globe and Mail last week. 'We’ve got five weeks and we’re going to be going hard. I just want to get over this little hurdle, and we’re going full steam ahead right now.' Aggressive: Ford's physician, Dr Zane Cohen announced Wednesday that the mayor is battling a 'very rare type of tumor' that is 'fairly aggressive' The other leading candidates in the race,  John Tory and Olivia Chow, were scheduled to debate this evening but that event has been cancelled '"out of respect for Mayor Ford and his family'. Both Tory and Chow called Ford last week to give him their best wishes. 'I can’t imagine how difficult this must be for the Ford family,' Chow said Wednesday. Ford took a two-month break from office this summer to undergo rehab for substance abuse issues, and returned to work in July. Last November, Ford admitted to smoking crack-cocaine, but refused to step down from office. Apparently, he had been experiencing abdominal pain for about three months prior to his hospitalization last week. Ford's family has a history of cancer, too. His father, former Ontario MPP Doug Ford, Sr died of colon cancer in 2006. And in 2009, Ford himself had another tumor removed from his appendix. Bad news: The mayor's brother Doug Ford (pictured) made an announcement last Friday, saying his brother would be dropping out of the race after discovering a tumor in his abdomen .	The Toronto mayor, 45, was hospitalized last week after experiencing 'unbearable' abdomen pain and doctors found a tumor in his abdomen . On Wednesday, his doctor announced that the tumor is malignant . Ford's rare form of cancer will be treated with chemotherapy .
By . Francesca Chambers . Ex-Vermont Governor and 2004 Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean castigated big banks and big businesses as anti-capitalist this afternoon during a forum at the progressive Netroots Nation conference. 'We don't have capitalism in this country,' he said at one point. 'We have an enormous . oligopoly that's strangling the innovation that happens with small . businesses, which is where the genes of America has really been.' Dean was in the midst of previewing the . Democratic Party's bench of potential presidential candidates when he . launched into a diatribe on the ramifications of allowing banks . to become too big to fail and the importance of Massachusetts Senator . Elizabeth Warren's efforts to more strictly regulate America's financial . institutions. Tell us how you really feel: Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean gave a scathing critique of America's economy during a forum today at a progressive conference . 'I don't hate the banks, but the truth of the matter is they are not . capitalist organizations. They are basically oligopolies,' Dean claimed during his tirade. 'The problem . . . is not that they're evil and horrible - although we can debate that,' he said.  'The problem is they're so big that if they . fail, they have to be bailed out. 'So it's not capitalism.' Dean has publicly criticized the banking industry before, but his remarks in Detroit, Michigan, today appear to be the first time the former Democratic National Committee chairman has characterized their practices as anti-free market. In past discussions Dean has stopped at saying lenders need to be better regulated and banks need to be downsized. Say, cheese: 11 years after his failed presidential bid, Howard Dean is still a favorite speaker of Netroots Nation-goers . While prognosticating on the 2016 presidential election, Dean said today that he didn't think Warren would run, but 'some of the stuff she's saying about the banks has absolutely gotta be said.' He later claimed that Warren 'is actually pro-capitalist because capitalism is hurt more by capitalists than it is by people who oppose capitalism.' 'And she articulates this better than anybody I've seen,' he said, concluding his remarks on the state of America's economy. 'So, I don't think she's gonna get in unless Hillary doesn't run,' he predicted, coming back to the original topic. And if that happens, 'I know you guys are going to do everything you can to make sure she gets in whether she likes it our not,' he said, eliciting laughter and clapping from audience members. 'She's very, very smart,' he added.	Dean's tirade on big banks and capitalism arose from a discussion on the 2016 presidential race . In discussing Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren's possible candidacy Dean criticized America's financial institutions as 'oligopolies' 'I don't hate the banks, but the truth of the matter is they are not . capitalist organizations,' he said .
