A shy girl won't just flirt with anyone, so you can be sure she is interested in you if you see that she tries to flirt back. She may flirt back by making more frequent eye contact, liking your statuses on social media, initiating small talk, or displaying flirty body language cues., Somebody who is shy may need reinforcement that you are serious about pursuing them. What you want to do is send her multiple consistent signals so that she is sure that you are flirting with her.   If you said hi to her yesterday, say hi to her today. If you smiled at her when you crossed paths in the cafeteria, smile at her again so that she doesn’t think you were just being polite. Try to make eye contact multiple times. She will get your hints if you repeat them a few times.  It may take her time, like a few weeks or even a month or two, to warm up to the idea of flirting or being flirted with. She may take longer to recognize and acknowledge your cues.   Set an amount of time you're willing to try to break the ice. For example, tell yourself that if after two months of you flirting with her you are still not spending more time with each other, you will either move on or try a more direct flirting technique.  If you notice that she’s not responding to your body language cues, try flirting with her via text or social media. She may be less comfortable with or less used to in-person conversations than with replying through Facebook Messenger. Use texting as a way for her to get used to making small talk and having conversations with you. This way, she might open up in person as she becomes more comfortable with you over time.  See how she reacts to your different flirting methods. She may totally shut down when you try to hold eye contact but be talkative when you ask her a question about her hobbies. The goal is to be flexible and cater your flirting style to her comfort zone. You can then gradually move communication to a more mutual ground.  If she’s interested and receptive to your body language cues, she will likely respond with open body language. She may also get nervous around you and blush or stammer, both of which could mean that she’s into you. If she is nervous because she likes you, she might tease you or throw a joke into the conversation.   If she doesn’t like you, you will see her become uncomfortable with your gestures. Her body language will be closed, she might not make eye contact, and she might be even quieter than usual.	Notice whether she flirts back. Be consistent. Give her time. Flirt via text message or social media. Vary your flirting style. Identify whether she likes you or not.
Left handed golfers can achieve a good grip on the club by reversing these instructions so they are mirrored. For example, instead of starting off holding the club with your left hand, you would instead take the club in your right hand., Rate the strength of your grip from 1 - 10, with one being your weakest grip and 10 being your strongest. The kind of grip you should generally use when holding your club at about a 5 or 5½.Don't grip the golf club too tightly. You should hold it like a firm handshake. A tighter grip doesn't make a more powerful shot, it will only restrict your ability to take a full swing.  A slight bend or angle will drastically affect your swing, especially on long shots and putts. When putting, even small deviations will be increased by irregularities in the terrain and can cost you strokes.   When holding a putter, make sure your forearms and the shaft of the club form a straight line towards the ground.	Mirror right handed form if you are left handed. Rate and adjust your grip strength. Maintain clean, straight angles in your form.
The real trick to losing weight is to rein in your hunger. The easiest way to do that is to eat more often. Eat smaller meals more frequently and you will find that you eat less food overall. It also makes it easier to eat healthier foods.; , Eat slowly when you do eat your meals and snacks. This will give your body time to process the food and let you know when you’re full more accurately. Try taking half an hour to eat, rather than fifteen minutes, for example.  We often eat not because we are hungry but because we are bored or feel like we should be eating. Develop a habit of analyzing your hunger. If you aren’t hungry, or it isn’t a proper mealtime, try drinking tea or coffee (no milk or sugar). This will give your stomach something to work with but contains few calories.	Eat more frequently. Eat slowly. Drink tea or black coffee between meals.
Using a workbook can be helpful for working through problems with anger. Workbooks help you work through feelings and gain coping strategies by using writing exercises. The goal of a workbook is to help you reflect on your thoughts and actions and move toward more helpful strategies to deal with anger.   You may want to browse online or in a local bookstore to find an anger workbook. Find one that you feel you can keep up with and engage in regularly. Check your local library for books or videos. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) also has a book that is available online: http://www.veterantraining.va.gov/aims/media/AngerManagementWorkbook-508.pdf   , If you constantly feel “wound up” or ready to explode, start using a daily relaxation practice. Actively include relaxation as a part of every day, as much as brushing your teeth or eating food. When you purposefully relax each day, it can help you release any building pressure and help you gain control.Some activities you can try include yoga, meditation, qi gong, or progressive muscle relaxation. You may wish to ask a friend or family member to engage in relaxation exercises with you. This can help keep you accountable and motivate you to relax each day together.  Exercise can help you release energy and cool down. In addition to helping relieve stress, exercise can boost your mood and create emotional and physical benefits for you. If you feel like a situation might trigger your anger, exercising beforehand can help level your mood.Try going for a walk, joining a class at your local gym, or try a new hobby, like hiking, rock climbing, or biking. When you exercise, remove your focus from anger and focus on your body’s sensations. Turn your attention to your breathing or to the movement in your muscles. Tuning into your body can make you more present in the moment.  Sometimes anger can result from miscommunication or misunderstandings. You might jump to conclusions that may be inaccurate or misinformed. Learn to abate your defensiveness and think through your words before you say them. If you want to yell or get upset, let the other person finish talking or make sure you have a clear understanding of the situation before responding.Practice listening more and reacting less.   For more information, check out How to Improve Verbal Communication Skills.	Buy an anger workbook. Add relaxation to your life. Exercise. Improve communication.
Products from food and daily care items to books and entertainment items require resources to make, taking away from biodiversity. Anytime one resource is consumed or produced, it can affect the ecosystem of the area in various ways, such as by destroying the natural habitat (for plowed fields), polluting the area (oil spills), and reducing natural resources (trees for paper), all of which can decrease the biodiversity of an area. By consuming less, you affect the environment less., While organic produce and foods still require the use of natural resources, they are less destructive since they are not polluting the environment with pesticides. Also, pesticides kill off insects, which can destroy whole species over time., While the main focus of fair trade is to ensure producers in other countries are being paid fairly, it also helps to protect local ecosystems, partially by encouraging sustainable farming. Look for the "Fair Trade" label on products., Like products and food, the retrieval of energy affects ecosystems, such as off-shore drilling than can disturb wildlife and create oil spills. You can use less energy by turning off lights and electronics when they're not in use, running the dishwasher and washing machine only when they are full, using the car less, and not running the air conditioner and heater as much.   You can replace older appliances for more energy efficient ones--look for the "Energy Star" label.You can also keep appliances more efficient by maintaining them properly and replacing things like filters as needed. Solar panels are another way to reduce your overall dependence on non-renewable energy sources. You can have them installed on your roof or in your backyard to provide your home with electricity. In addition to using less resources, using less energy helps to reduce emissions. Emissions contribute to climate change, which can harm biodiversity as ecosystems change. Carpool or ride public transportation to work to cut down on energy use., Labels like "Green Seal Certified," "FSC" (Forest Stewardship Council), "LEED Certified," "Rain Forrest Alliance Certified," and "Marine Stewardship Council" indicate the producer's dedication to sustainability., If you don't know the origin of these products, buying them while on vacation, especially in other countries, can encourage continued poaching., Non-native species can be invasive and crowd out native species, decreasing their population. In addition, the non-native species can be spread to other areas through wind and animals.As an added bonus, planting native species means the plants will grow better in your area. If you're in an arid or hot climate, you will not need to water native species as much. Another option for your backyard is to create a landscape that can be a "Certified Wildlife Habitat," as laid out by the National Wildlife Foundation. Essentially, you would be creating an environment conducive to animals raising their young in your backyard., Both of these can harm wildlife, decreasing biodiversity., Reusing resources helps protect natural resources, which as noted above, helps protect biodiversity. It also keeps trash out of landfills, which can harm environments through leaching and overspill. Anything that harms the environment and ecosystems harms biodiversity. Most communities have recycling programs, including curb-side recycling. You separate out the recyclables from other trash and put them in a separate bin. In most places, you can recycle paper and cardboard, plastics, cans and other metals, and glass. While most recycling programs don't take styrofoam, other places do. For instance, Goodwill takes styrofoam in most communities.   To recycle, lightly clean out items before putting them in the recycle bin. Some places will require you to separate out different types of recycling into separate bins. You can also create a compost pile to help with waste. A compost pile or bin turns organic material into fertilizer you can use in your garden. You can add shredded sticks, leaves, and grass clippings from the yard, as well as fruit and vegetable scraps from the kitchen. Create a pile for the waste. Always bury the scraps underneath the other compost, and add moisture if you're adding dry materials.You can also recycle computer components. Computers use precious metals, and if they are thrown away, they can release chemicals into the environment from landfills, harming habitats. Most towns have places that will recycle computer parts, though you will usually need to take them in yourself., Products like cleaning chemicals, pesticides, paint, and batteries can leach from landfills into water supplies. Use less harmful supplies, and make use of your community's hazardous waste collection.	Don't consume as much. Eat organic. Buy fair trade products. Use less energy. Look for other sustainable labels when purchasing products. Avoid souvenirs made from bone, fur, or leather. Plant native species in your garden. Don't litter or pollute. Recycle. Separate hazardous waste out of your trash.
You can find Kandelec’s original image, which you’ve no doubt already seen, quite easily by doing a Google search. Use the search term “sunglass nails” and it will be the first image that pops up. Save the image to your phone. Visit a nail technician, show them the image and ask them to help you recreate the look.  Suggest chrome pigments, metallic enamels and nail decals as possibilities.Definitely ask the technician if they have any running theories on how to create the sunglass look.You can always print the image out, but your phone will capture the multi-tonal color effect better.  Because the sunglass nail trend is so popular, many polish companies have started releasing color shifting nail polish, which can very closely approximate the look. Prices can vary wildly, so shop around – some brands are being sold at very high prices. Buy a few bottles and give them a try.  For best results, apply three coats of the multi-chrome polish by itself or one coat over a black base color.Check your local beauty supply stores frequently, as well. They’ve no doubt heard of this trend and are stocking up on polishes that can create the sunglass look.  These approaches won’t give you the sunglass nail look, but you can create the same type of vibe by using these products. Experiment and try a few different techniques. Have fun with it. You won’t recreate the sunglass look exactly, but you’ll end up with some colorful, metallic looks and learn a lot about how to mix polishes to create new effects. You never know, you may invent a new trend yourself!	Take an image of the sunglass trend to a nail technician. Look for new multi-chrome color shifting nail polishes online. Experiment with a variety of glitter, metallic and iridescent polishes.
A pension is one of the best examples of passive income, but most people must wait for retirement before receiving one. For younger people, passive income can come from interest, investments, or rental properties.   Most sources of passive income require at least some amount of input or upkeep. Rental income requires property maintenance. Investment income generally requires capital with which to start and periodic decisions and review.; , Having some passive income usually does not preclude holding a regular job and earning a salary, because passive income, by definition, requires only a moderate investment of time. By having an additional source of income, you can avoid situations in which you might have to sell some of your passive income-earnings assets to cover unexpected expenses., Different investments may need review at different frequencies. Re-balance your investment portfolio on a quarterly or annual basis. Reevaluate your savings and spending goals when life changes (marriage, children, job changes etc.) occur.   Make a regular appointment to review your investments. Try the beginning or end of the calendar year, tax time (or right after it, if you want to work with an accountant), or your birthday. At this time, make sure your investments are still earning you positive passive income. That is, make sure any fees or costs associated with the investment are not higher than the income you earn from that investment. You should also check in on your rental properties to make sure they are being maintained properly, even if you have hired someone else to manage them for you., Look for additional opportunities and investments that could enhance your passive income. Remember that passive income is passive in the sense that you don't work to earn it, not in the sense that you need do nothing at all to create it. You can either reinvest your passive income into further passive investments or you can invest more of your active income as you are able to save it. Over time, reinvested passive income can snowball into a much larger income stream.For example, you can use your dividends earned from dividend stocks to purchase more shares of the stock. Or, you can use rental property income to buy additional properties once the first property has been paid for.	Identify your sources of passive income. Combine sources of income. Review your investments regularly. Continue to build your passive income.
Make sure your back is completely flat. Push your body weight against your back as you move your feet 2 feet (0.6 m) away from the wall at shoulder-width apart.  Slide down the wall and bend your knees. Stop when your thighs are at a 90 degree angle with your shins.  If your knees go past your shins as you move into the squat position, move your feet further away from the wall and start again.  Breathe steadily in and out. Slowly rise out of the position when you are done.  Work in small increments towards holding the position for 1 minute.	Lean against a wall. Flex your core muscles. Make sure to keep the weight on your heels. Hold your squat position for 10 to 30 seconds. Rest for 30 seconds and repeat the exercise 2 to 3 times.
Add 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of olive oil to a large sauté pan or pot. Allow the oil to heat over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer, which should take approximately 3 to 5 minutes.Choose a pan or pot that holds at least 5 quarts (4.7 l).; , Add ½ pound (227 g) of lean ground beef to the pan. Crumble the meat with a wooden spoon, and let it cook for about 6 minutes, or until it browns and is no longer pink.You can substitute ground turkey or chicken for the beef if you prefer. If you like, you can also add ½ pound (227 g) of Italian sausage with the casings removed in with the ground beef.  Add 4 minced garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon (5 g) of dried oregano, and ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of crushed red pepper flakes into the pan. Stir well to incorporate the spices, and allow the mixture to cook for 1 minute.You can adjust the amount of red pepper flakes based on your preference. If you like a spicy spaghetti sauce, mix in a little more. If you prefer a milder taste, you can add just a pinch or omit it entirely.  Add 1 ¼ cup (296 ml) of dry red wine to the pan. Mix well, and use the wooden spoon to scrape any browned bits of meat from the bottom of the pan.If you don’t like to cook with wine or don’t have any on hand, you can substitute a mixture of ¼ cup (59 ml) of red wine vinegar, ½ cup (118 ml) apple juice, and ½ cup (118 ml) water for the wine.  Stir in a 28-ounce (794 g) can of crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons (28 g) of tomato paste, and kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix well so all of the ingredients are fully combined., Allow the tomato, paste, and sauce mixture to come to a boil. When it begins to boil, reduce the heat to low and let it simmer for approximately 10 minutes.For the best results, cover the pan while you’re simmering the sauce.  Add ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground nutmeg, ¼ cup (5 g) of chopped fresh basil leaves, and ¼ cup (59 ml) heavy cream. Use a whisk to mix the ingredients into the sauce so they’re fully incorporated and simmer the sauce for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until it thickens.Stir the sauce occasionally while you simmer it.  Remove the sauce from the heat when it's done simmering. Add the cooked pasta of your choice directly to the pan, and toss the two together until the pasta is fully coated. Place the pasta in bowls and serve while it’s still warm.A pound (454 g) of cooked pasta is usually the appropriate amount to add to the sauce. Top the pasta and sauce with grated Parmesan cheese and chopped basil if desired.	Heat the oil. Cook the ground beef until it’s browned. Mix in the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes. Stir in the wine and deglaze the pan. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil and simmer it for 10 minutes. Whisk in the nutmeg, basil, and heavy cream. Toss the sauce with cooked pasta and serve.
Most people find it much easier to write upside down English from right to left, instead of left to right.This results in texts that looks normal if you turn the page upside-down. However, if you're right-handed, the right-to-left method can lead to smudging or discomfort. You can try writing sideways or at an angle instead, but this is more difficult to learn., Teach yourself to write upside down the same way you learned to write regularly - by tracing the letters repeatedly and putting in lots of practice. Keep working on this, and you'll see your upside down penmanship improve.   Try practicing individual letters first. Once you have them down to muscle memory, start stringing them together in words and sentences. Move on to cursive if you're ambitious!  , Take writing upside down one step further with a small hand mirror. Hold the mirror at a 90-degree angle to the paper, facing you. Now try writing such that your words are legible in the mirror. Your text will be not only upside down, but backwards, and will require a mirror to read easily.	Choose a direction. Practice. Make a mirror code.
This is the most important point. Just think to yourself "I am going to beat this defender," and it will come. You can beat them. Have faith in yourself, and never think for one second that you are going to fail.   Remember that no two defenders are the same, and no two situations are the same. You may have messed up once, but that doesn't mean that you'll mess up again. Focus all of your energy and attention on the moment at hand. You will play more effectively and more smoothly if you aren't up in your head. Be present.; , If you fail to pass the defender, it won't be the end of the world. It will just be one mistake, and nothing permanent. You can always bounce back. You can hustle back down the field, give 110%, and redeem yourself by recovering the ball. Your teammates won't hate you for trying to win the game – more likely, they'll support your spirit.   If you are getting a lot of negative feedback for your mistakes, consider talking to someone about it. No one should be heckling you for trying your best. Talk to a coach, a parent, or a team captain, and ask them to help you put a stop to it., Try and try again, even if you keep losing the ball. The more you keep trying, the more likely it is that you will succeed. With enough persistence and dedication, you can accomplish almost anything.   You don't need to try again right away. If the game is tight, don't keep throwing yourself at a tough defender. Be humble, and pass the ball away., You may not be certain that you can pass this defender, but you will regret it if you don't try. Life is dangerous, and fear is natural – but human beings define themselves by how they act in the face of fear. Even if you are never the star player on your team, you can be the sort of player who gives as much as he/she can in every single play.	Get into the right mindset. Be realistic about the consequences. Don't give up. Be bold.
This pretty low bun looks great with a side part. If you're doing your hair for a formal evening event, a deeper part (further to the side) looks elegant. Run the tip of a comb along your part to make it straight., This step is optional if you're not in the mood to go all out. However, if you tease or curl your hair, it will take your messy low bun up a few notches. Lift the top layer of your hair and backcomb it toward the roots to add volume and texture. Alternately, use a curling iron to curl the top layer of your hair so it won't be completely smooth.          Of course, if your hair is naturally curly and voluminous, this step is completely unnecessary; your bun will look beautifully messy on its own.  Position it at the nape of your neck or slightly higher up, according to your preference. You could even position it on the side, just under one of your ears. For now, don't make a tight ponytail; just wrap the ponytail around your hair one time.  Twist the hairband and pull it over your ponytail, but this time don't pull the hair all the way through. Stop pulling before your ends are all the way through the hairband. Leave several inches of the ends of your hair sticking out. You should now have a simple looped bun.          If the ponytail seems loose, use a second ponytail to ensure the looped bun stays securely in place. While the look should be messy, you don't want it to be so loose it falls out.  You want to add some volume to the look by pulling up the top and sides of your hair so it doesn't lie flat against your head. this will help the look go from "sleek" to "messy." Check out your hair in the mirror, and pull out a few strands from around your temples, too.  Take the ends that are still sticking out of your bun and wrap them around the hairband to hide it from view. Use bobby pins to secure the hair in place.  This will let your hair move while also keeping it from falling out.	Part your hair on one side. Tease or curl your hair. Gather your hair into a low ponytail. Use your hairband to create a looped bun. Gently lift the top and sides of your hair. Wrap the ends of your hair around the hairband. Use medium-hold hairspray to finish the look.
Wipe out any debris with a clean soft cloth. You can add a few drops of an ear cleaner that is safe for cats or a few drops of baby oil or olive oil. Do not drench the cloth as you don’t want the cleaner or oil to run down into your rabbit's ear.Do not use cotton swabs to clean out your rabbit's ears. These can go too far down your rabbit's ear canal and injure it ear drum. Instead, use a cloth or cotton ball and just clean the easily accessible areas of the rabbit's ears.; , In order to avoid the risk of infection, keep your bunny away from other rabbits. This includes keeping it out of areas where wild rabbits might be frequenting outside. Only let your rabbit in areas or around other rabbits that are known to be mite free.   If you have multiple rabbits and one is infected while the other is not, you need to keep the infected rabbit in isolation until the infection has been treated and is cleared up. Chances are, however, that if you have one infected rabbit, the other rabbits it lives with are also infected.  You can place 3-4 drops of baby oil in the rabbit's ear to smother any stray mites that you may not be able to see. This will not hurt your rabbit's ears and it will help to prevent a full blown infection if a stray mite gets into your rabbit's ear.   Ear mites are parasites, with the scientific name Psoroptes cuniculi, that crawl into the ears to feed.If you can stop them before they establish themselves and reproduce in the ear, that is ideal.  While the goal is to avoid seeing these signs because you have prevented an infection from occurring in the first place, you should know what to look for just in case. In addition to the thick, brown crust that lines the inside of the ears, there are other signs of ear mites in rabbits. These are:Itching around the ears, head and neck Head shaking Ear pain, swelling, or redness Ears fall down Weight loss Unsteadiness or falling over (sign of an inner ear infection)  , Make checking your rabbit’s ears a weekly habit to stay on top of any of ear mite infection. Preventing your rabbit from acquiring a serious ear mite infestation is the best way to deal with ear mites.  As ear mites feed, the ear tissue responds by producing a buildup of fluid and brown crust, which is commonly referred to as ear canker.Do not attempt to remove this crusty build up, as it can be very painful for the rabbit.Instead, the crust will come off on its own once the infection is treated and the mites are killed.  If you see any signs of an ear mite infection you should get your rabbit checked by its vet. The vet will assess your rabbit's overall health but will also take a close look at the animal's ears. Your veterinarian should be able to diagnosis ear mites easily by looking in the ears and looking at a swab taken from the ear.   Consult with your veterinarian for advice on treatment in any case where a rabbit has ear mites, but especially if it’s a serious infestation.  Treatment of ear mites is done with medications that kill the ear mite. These include:   Ivermectin injections under the skin done every two weeks for three to four times.Miticides, like those prescribed for dogs and cats, applied on the skin at the base of the neck repeated every 30 days., If the rabbit has any bacterial infection associated with its ear mite infection this will need to be treated separately with antibiotics. Your veterinarian will assess this situation and prescribe medication as needed.   The mites can travel further into the ear causing an infection by bacteria called otitis externa. This infection can extend further down the ear, damage the ear drum, and cause an internal ear infection which is very serious.Apply the antibiotics for as long as it is prescribed to your rabbit. Using the medicine for too short of a time could limit its effectiveness.  Hutches or any other plastic, wire or wood box that an infected rabbit has used will need to be cleaned and disinfected. First remove any bedding and poop along with any toys, feeders and waters. Throw away bedding and poop and anything that cannot be cleaned, such as cardboard boxes.   Wash everything with warm water and soap, then disinfect with a diluted vinegar solution.You should also use this solution daily for a few weeks to wipe down all surfaces. You will also need to clean any other area the infected rabbit visited by sweeping or vacuuming once a day for a month. The crusts and scabs which fall off the ears may be harboring living mites and cleaning will remove them. Basically, you want all items that your rabbit comes into contact with to be disinfected or replaced., Within 10 days of treatment the crusty lesions should begin to come off on their own. If the condition does not seem to be improving, or gets worse, you should take your rabbit back to the veterinarian for further treatment.   Your veterinarian may recommend a return visit to make sure the infection has cleared up. The vet will probably do a physical examination and may do a swab to check for any remaining ear mites.	Clean your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep your rabbit away from other rabbits you don't know. Apply a small amount of oil to your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep an eye out for the symptoms of an infection. Check your rabbit's ears regularly. Do not remove the crust in your rabbit's ears. Take your rabbit to a veterinarian. Follow your veterinarian's treatment advice. Treat any secondary infections as well. Clean all items used by infected rabbits. Keep an eye on the recovery.
Adults who have were sexually abused as children may also show signs of lingering trauma that can affect one’s physical and psychological well-being. Some common indicators of someone who was abused as a child include:responding with fear to reminders of the assault feeling anxious and unsafe having flashbacks of the assault having problems with concentration ongoing feelings of guilt, anger, and/or depression having a poor self-image having problems with relationships losing interest in sex; , Teenagers have similarities in how they may respond to sexual abuse as well. Some common signs to look for in teens include:injuring self (cutting, burning) having poor personal hygiene abusing drugs and/or alcohol behaving in a sexually promiscuous manner running away from home showing signs of depression or anxiety making suicide attempts seeming to have a fear of intimacy or closeness changes in appetite, such as dieting or compulsive eating  , While children may respond to sexual abuse in slightly different ways, there are some common indicators that may help you to identify sexual abuse in children. Some of the signs to watch for include:changes in sleeping pattern or sleep disturbances, such as nightmares drastic changes is eating patterns or appetite sudden mood swings drops hints about abuse through playing, writing, drawing, or speaking develops a fear of a certain person or place talks about a new older friend and/or refuses to share secrets that he/she has with this person receives money, gifts, or toys from someone for no reason is repulsed by his/her self or body seems to have adult knowledge of sexual behaviors	Identify signs of abuse in adults. Watch for signs of sexual abuse in teens. Learn how to recognize the signs of sexual abuse in children.
If you have more than one fork, the outer one is your salad fork and the inner one is for your main dish. The fork for your main dish will be larger than your salad fork.   We'll cover table settings in the last section. For right now, let's concentrate on how to hold your utensils and get to eating! The "right" way, of course.; , The index finger is mostly straight and rests near the base of the top, blunt side of the blade. The other four fingers wrap around the handle. While your index finger is resting on the top, your thumb juxtaposes it on the side. The end of the knife handle should be touching the base of your palm.   This is the same in both styles. And both styles cater to right-handers. If you're left-handed, consider reversing pretty much anything you read on this topic.  The tines (prongs) face away (downward) from you. The index finger is straight, and rests on the back-side near the head of the fork, but not so close you are in danger of touching the food. The other four fingers wrap around the handle.   This is often referred to as the "hidden handle" method. This is because your hand is pretty much covering the entirety of the handle, secluding it from view.  This makes the tip of the knife and fork also point towards the plate somewhat. Your elbows should be relaxed and not at all up in the air or uncomfortable.   While we're at it, typically your elbows should be off the table at all times. But if you're taking a break from using your cutlery and in an informal setting, don't stress about it.  If you're cutting, place the knife close to the base of the fork and cut with a sawing motion. Foods like pasta will only require a swift, easy cut, while chewy meats will take a bit of work. Generally, only cut one or two bites at a time.   Hold the fork so the tines (prongs) are curving toward you, with the knife further away from you than the fork. At an angle is fine, too -- just make sure you can see your knife clearly to know where you're cutting. You should be able to look over your fork to your knife.  In this style of eating, bring the fork to your mouth with the tines curving downward. The back of the fork will be up as you bring it to your mouth.   Keep the fork in your left hand, even if you're right-handed. You may find that this method is the more efficient of the two if you experiment with both.  Unlike the Continental method, the American style of using a fork adopts more of a pen-like hold. The handle rests against your hand in between your thumb and forefinger, your middle finger and thumb are holding the base, and your index finger rests on top. Again, the tines are downward, curving away from you.  This hand positioning is the same as in the aforementioned style -- with your index finger along the base and your other fingers wrapped around it.  Hold the food down with your fork (tines down), cutting through with the knife in a gentle sawing motion. Your fork should be closer to you than your knife. Only cut one or two bites before continuing.  Here comes the main difference between the two styles: after cutting a bite, put your knife down on the edge of your plate (blade at 12 o'clock, handle at 3 o'clock) and transfer your fork from your left hand to your right. Turn it so the tines are curving upward and take a bite! Tada.   This is the method that was prevalent when America first became America. Europe used to use it, but has since moved on, favoring a more efficient approach. The jump hasn't quite made it across the pond, though there are pockets of difference everywhere.  If you are eating a dish that doesn't require cutting, keep your fork in your right hand at all times with this method. Tines can face downward if you're taking a bite, but will generally return upward for the majority of the time. However, do know that only in the absolute most formal of settings will this ever be an issue. We're talking when the President is sitting across from you. Other than that, don't stress.   Your silverware should never touch the table. If you're only using your fork, be sure your knife is resting along the edge of your plate. When you put your fork down, rest the handle on the edge, tines near the center of the plate.  For 95% of meals, you'll probably just be dealing with a knife, fork and spoon. But for those fancy occasions, you may see a few more pieces and wonder what the heck you should be doing. Here's a rough outline:   A four-piece setting is a knife, a salad fork, a place fork (main dish), a place knife, and a teaspoon for coffee. The salad fork will be on the outside and smaller than your place fork. A five-piece setting is all that and a soup spoon. The soup spoon will be much larger than your coffee teaspoon. A six-piece setting is a first-course fork and knife (on the outside), main course fork and knife, and a dessert/salad fork and coffee teaspoon. Those last two will be the small ones. A seven-piece setting is all that and a soup spoon. The soup spoon will be much larger than your coffee teaspoon and isn't a knife or a fork.  If you ever see a small fork on your right (forks generally never go on the right), it's an oyster fork. Utensils are generally placed in the order of their use. When in doubt, start from the outside and work your way in.  There are two different ways to signify to your waiter that you aren't finished:   European style: Cross your knife and fork on your plate, fork over knife, tines facing down. The two should form an upside-down "V." American style: The knife goes near the top of your plate, blade at 12 o'clock, handle at 3 o'clock. The fork is placed tines upward, just at a slight angle from your body.  This lets your waiter know your plate can be cleared (if he's in the know, that is). Again, the two schools of thought are:   European style: Knife and fork parallel to each other, handles at 5 o'clock, blade and tines in the center of your plate (tines downward). American style: The same as European style, only the tines of the fork are facing upward.  You will need to pick them up by the fork in a slight scooping manner, rather than stabbing at them fruitlessly. The American style generally prefers to rely solely on the fork (again, less efficient), while the European style sometimes employs the help of the knife blade or a piece of bread for scooping.  If you have a spoon, ensnare a few noodles with your fork and twirl them, resting on the base of your spoon. If the noodles are too long and are proving cumbersome, you can cut them with your knife if need be. But before you take any drastic measures, just try taking only a few noodles at a time. And make sure you have a napkin at the ready!   If you're not good with pasta, you are in good company. It's messy for even the most seasoned of pasta-eaters at times. It's less about the knife and fork and more about not slurping!	Know that the fork is on the left side of the plate and the knife is on the right. To cut into items on your plate, pick up and hold your knife in your right hand. Hold your fork in your left hand. Bend the wrists, so that your index fingers are pointing down towards your plate. Hold the food down with the fork by applying pressure through the index finger. Bring smallish bits of food to your mouth with the fork. When cutting, hold the fork in your left hand. Only when cutting, place the knife in your right hand. Make a cut. Now switch hands. Apart from cutting, eat with your fork in your right hand, tines facing upward. Understand the table set-up. When you're just pausing between bites, place your silverware in a resting position. When you're finished eating, place your silverware in a completed position. Get crafty with rice and other small items. To eat pasta, twirl it with your fork.
Once you have the basics down, it's time to make your world a little tougher. You can add in the free-throw line, make players go down the line and come back, or make the last shot an extra-difficult 3-pointer.   Make sure everyone understands all of the shots before beginning -- it makes a big difference when deciding whether to move on or stay put for the second shot.  Mix-in different kinds of shots, such as layups. Throw in blind shots, backwards throws, backboard shots only (or no backboard shots at all), or any other challenge you can think of to make the game more interesting.  If you're a great shooter, you should be able to constantly hit every shot under pressure. If you're really looking to improve your game or make things tenser, only allow one shot per spot. You can also eliminate the ability to skip a shot, forcing players to take both shots every time and move back if they fail.  This is best for smaller groups of 2-4 players, and you may need a referee to ensure it all works out. Start with every player on roughly the same square, say go, and start shooting. The rest of the rules apply as well, except you cannot skip turns. If you miss twice, you start over. Players will have to be strategic about when to shoot, and smart players can even try and hit other players balls to knock them back to start -- though you'll be sacrificing one of your own shots as well.          To make it easier to enforce the rules, players should shout "chance shot" every time they take a second shot, allowing you to know if they must restart if they miss., You could only allow three total skips in the entire game, making them much more strategic and putting a greater focus on good shooting. It can, however, also make the game much longer.  This little variation mixes up the normal game and allows for odd and spectacular shots. You can make players alternate arms every shot (making them more or less likely to risk the second shot), or force them to shoot opposite handed whenever they want to take a second shot. You can mix this up with backwards shots or blind, eyes-closed shots as well to make things interesting.	Create more complicated patterns for harder games. Add different types of shooting to work on other skills. Eliminate the second shot for higher stakes games. Allow simultaneous shooting for a chaotic, strategic game. Limit the number of skips per game. Make shooters use both hands.
Wear comfortable yet stylish clothes that you feel confident in and make sure your hair is styled properly. Guys, take care of your facial hair & spritz your best body spray. Ladies, make sure your make up is on point. As there is a high probability that pictures are gonna be taken on the day, you wanna look back and not cringe at the pics. See tips section for makeup suggestions.; , This is especially important if you are travelling via public transport such as buses, trains, subways or the Underground as it can get so busy during peak times. You want to be there relatively on time so you don't miss out on the fun. Better to be there before time, as you can make links with the other early birds, and who knows? Maybe something awesome will happen that might not have otherwise such as free CDs, magazines, etc.  Take with you business cards that have your contact details in case people want to get in touch with you again for your services.  Things such as intimate live performances, people you meet & the general atmosphere are important to record at the meet & greet. This is because at times these events go by in a blur, so you want to be able to remember as much as you can. In addition, you can post it up on your social media websites to share with others too.  This is super important because they want to know you because you're part of their fan base. They're just as curious to learn who you are as you are about them. That's why they've set up the meet & greet in the first place. Introduce yourself by name, age and where you travelled from. Other things they like to know about you are what you do for a living, hobbies & interest, etc.  All those things you want to know about the person, for example any tips that have or about their life. As long as it isn't too personal and nosey, take the opportunity to learn from them and simply enjoy being around them!  , However exciting it is to finally be face to face with mad cool people you've only ever previously seen in the digital world, if you become obnoxiously fan-girly over them a) they won't take you seriously if you ask them anything special and b) you will most likely do something that's regrettably embarrassing.  Sadly, you won't ever see most of these people again, so a lot of the time it doesn't matter what they think about you or say to you at the end of the day. However if they truly seem like nice people, get them to follow you on social media such as Twitter or Instagram so you can still keep in touch.  Ofttimes, you become more memorable to the person hosting the meet & greet as this is the time that you can bond with them to the point of actual friendship. Just don't overstay your welcome. If they're showing signs of being ready to leave, then say goodbye and part ways.	Dress to fit the occasion. Plan your route to the location of the meet up. If you have your own agenda such as a YouTube channel, Soundcloud, etc that you want to make known, do it in a professional manner. Do take lots of pictures and videos!, Don't be shy in approaching the person!, Ask questions!, At the same time, do try to stay calm. Be careful who you decide to befriend at events like this. Do hang back after most of the crowd has dispersed.
Verbatim Reporters speak into a mouthpiece during the trial and transcribe their recordings later. As of September 2015, only 37 states allowed voice reporters in the courtroom. Although verbatim reporters do have avenues of employment open to them other than court reporting, if you want to be a verbatim court reporter, this should be the first thing you check., The list of schools that offer instruction in Verbatim Reporting is smaller than those offering purely stenographic court reporting. Although many of the verbatim training schools offer online courses, if you must be in an in-person classroom, you should investigate other types of court reporting. Find a list of accredited verbatim reporting schools at https://nvra.org/nvra-education-affiliate-listings.  The equipment for voice reporting is more expensive and more extensive than that for stenographic reporting. Over the course of your training, which will take 6 months to a year, prepare to spend between $1800-$2200 on equipment alone.The tuition costs for any program will of course be much larger, but prepare to spend between $4,000 and $7,000 for tuition at a program endorsed by the National Verbatim Reporters Association.  Since voice writing--in which the reporter speaks into a mask and it is automatically transcribed onto a data file--is relatively newer than stenography, states that allow voice writing usually allow the NVRA to test and certify that verbatim reporters are ready to work in the field. Testing requirements for the NVRA exam are similar to that required by the NCRA.For the most basic certification, the Certified Verbatim Reporter (CVR), you must score at least 70% on the written portion of the test, and take dictation with real-time transcription with 95% accuracy at:   Literary at 180 wpm Jury Charge at 200 wpm Testimony/Q&A at 225 wpm The written test has vocabulary, spelling, punctuation and legal and medical terminology. The dictation and transcription tests assess your speed, accuracy and ability to work silently. The Certificate of Merit (CM) requires higher levels of knowledge, speed and accuracy. The Real-Time Verbatim Reporter (RVR) certification test assesses your real-time transcription, CART reporting and captioning skills.	See if your state allows voice reporters in court. Determine what schools are available to you. Budget for the equipment. Get tested.
A great steak speaks for itself -- it needs little seasoning other than some salt and pepper and is packed with flavor. The right grill will help accentuate this flavor. That said, any grilled steak will be perfect if handled correctly, so there is no "wrong" choice.    Propane: Gas grills add little flavor to the meat, letting the steak stand on its own. They are the fastest and easiest to control for cooking, making them perfect for larger meals or last-minute grills.  Charcoal: The "classic" BBQ flavor, these hard little bricks heat up relatively quickly and give rich, smoky tones to the meat. Make sure they are all white-hot before cooking on them.  Wood-fire: The hardest to light and manage but the choice of top barbecuers around the world, wood chips have the best flavor. Can be combined with charcoal to get the best of both worlds.; , The best meat should still be a bright, vibrant red color. Marbling, or the white streaks of fat, also indicate a more flavorful and juicy steak. If the steak is maroon or brown colored, skip it for something fresher.Just ask if your butcher will slice off a fresh cut for you. Some ideas for good steak cuts include:    High-End Cuts Ribeye, Strip, Tenderloin, T-Bone, DelmonicoIncredible Budget Cuts: Hanger, Skirt, Tri-tip, Ranch, Sirloin, or Flank, This prevents you from throwing a cold steak on a hot grill, which greatly alters cook times and makes it harder to get a well-seared outside and completely cooked middle. Bigger steaks, those thicker than 1-1/2", may need 15 minutes or so.  While some chefs love seasoning, most steakhouses won't touch a piece of good meat with anything more than simple salt and pepper. Use the largest grains of salt you can -- kosher or course-grained is best -- and liberally cover the meat. Then touch it up with pepper, adding as much as you personally enjoy (but nowhere near as much as the salt).   Think of the salt as light snow on a dark road. You can still see the asphalt, but the "snow" (salt) covers the majority of it. Be sure to get both sides and the edges of the steak as well.  If you're using a charcoal or wood grill, you'll need to get it started roughly 30-40 minutes before eating. A propane grill likely only needs 5-10 minutes if you leave the cover on.The thinner the steak the hotter the grill should be, and keeping track of this temperature is important. However, you can check temperature even if you don't have a thermometer with a simple trick:    1⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) thick: Heat up to 425–450 °F (218–232 °C), so that you can't keep your hand over the grill for more than 3 seconds.  3⁄4 to 1 inch (1.9 to 2.5 cm) thick: Get the grill to 360-400°F. You shouldn't be able to keep your hand over the grill 4-5 seconds.  1 to 1 −1⁄2 inch (2.5 to 1.3 cm) thick: Get the grill to 325-360°F, as you don't want to overcook the outsides before the center finishes. Your hand could only take about 5-6 seconds above the grill.  Thicker than 1 1⁄2 inch (3.8 cm): Stick to 325°F, and know that you'll likely need to flip the steak once more than you would otherwise to avoid burning the outsides.	Choose the right type of grill for your meal. Purchase bright red, freshly cut steaks from your local butcher. Let the steak sit, covered, at room temperature for 5-10 minutes before cooking. Rub the steak with salt and pepper, massaging it gently into the meat. Pre-heat the grill on medium-high heat.
try to act "cool", or do outrageous things), this makes it more satisfying for the bully to bring you down.; , This is inevitably the worse thing you can do when dealing with bullies. This will create more repercussions, which is the last thing you want.  Leave them alone. Talking to them will give them a chance to be mean or disrespectful to you.  If he or she calls you names or bags you out, don't ignore him or her, just smile and walk off. You need to make sure that you do not express any distress or the bully will thrive off this.  Try to make small talk with them when they are alone. Listen to them and be genuinely interested in what they are saying. After all, the more people you have on your side the better.  Bullies want attention, as well as them being jealous, mad, disliked, and possibly insecure. Know that many, many people in this world think that the only reason why bullies act "that way" is because they are insecure about themselves. This could be true, and it could not be true. Either way, keep in mind that they want attention. Don't tell the bully that they are insecure, follow these steps above and don't give them the attention they want.  This means to say something nice "back to them" when they insult you. For example, if they make fun of your hair, which is probably the least they will do, tell them that you like their hair as well. Whatever you do, be sure to stand up for yourself and others, but don't be mean. You will get in trouble and keep in mind that it can easily backfire, no matter how much they do it and remain untouched.  One of the reasons you may actually desire to avoid them is, yes, because of the bullying, but also because you may be scared of the bully. Realize that they are human, and there is not one reason to be scared of them, even if they are violent. If you are still scared, do not show them that.	Do not draw attention to yourself (e.g. Do not fight back!, Don't talk to them. Don't react to the bully's rude remarks. Bear in mind that if the bully has a group of friends that follow him or her, it's most likely they are his or her friends involuntarily. Do not give them the attention they clearly want. Kill them with kindness. Don't be scared of the bully.
It's a white app with the red YouTube symbol on it. If you're signed into YouTube on this device, doing so will open your YouTube Home Page.   If you aren't signed in, you'll first tap ⋮, tap SIGN IN, enter your email address and password, and tap SIGN IN again.; , You'll find this in the top-right corner of the screen.   If you haven't yet assigned yourself a profile picture, you'll instead see a person-shaped icon or the first letter of your name here.  It's toward the middle of the page.  This option is below the "YOUTUBE" heading.  You'll see a blue checkmark appear next to this option, indicating that your content settings have successfully been changed.  It's in the top-left corner of the screen. Doing so will save your settings and exit the Restricted Mode Filtering menu.   Consider closing and re-opening the YouTube app before resuming browsing so that this change can fully take effect.	Open YouTube. Tap your profile picture. Tap Settings. Tap Restricted Mode Filtering. Tap Strict. Tap ←.
Every vector can be numerically represented in the Cartesian coordinate system with a horizontal (x-axis) and vertical (y-axis) component.It is written as an ordered pair v=<x,y>{\displaystyle v=<x,y>}. If you are given a vector that is placed away from the origin of the Cartesian coordinate system, you must define the components of both points of the vector.   For example, the vector AB has an ordered pair for point A and point B.    Point A has a horizontal component of 5 and a vertical component of 1, so the ordered pair is <5, 1>.    Point B has a horizontal component of 1 and a vertical component of 2, so the ordered pair is <1, 2>.    , Because you now have two points you are dealing with, you must subtract the x and y components of each point before you solve using the equation v = √((x2-x1)2 +(y2-y1)2).Point A is ordered pair 1 <x1, y1> and point B is ordered pair 2 <x2, y2>   , Plug in the numbers of your ordered pairs and calculate the magnitude. Using our above example the calculation looks like this:   v = √((x2-x1)2 +(y2-y1)2)   v = √((1-5)2 +(2-1)2)   v = √((-4)2 +(1)2)   v = √(16+1) = √(17) = 4.12  Don't worry if your answer is not a whole number. Vector magnitudes can be decimals.	Determine the components of both points of the vector. Use a modified formula to solve for the magnitude. Solve for the magnitude.
Generally, five months is the length for a goat pregnancy.Figure around 145 to 155 days as normal for the gestation period., Realize that this eyeballing test doesn't work with all goats and in fact, some does can look wide and therefore pregnant, and not actually be pregnant.However, in some cases, the size of the doe will indicate that pregnancy is well underway and, along with other pregnancy signs, can confirm pregnancy.   Note that the doe's abdomen usually won't look larger until around three months of gestation., This refers to checking the area of the doe's vulva and anus to see a shape change.Lift up the tail to check. It does help if you've checked either pre-pregnancy or in the first month, so that you know what looks "normal" and have a comparison image (yes, do take a smartphone picture to help you). About two to three months after conception, check this area again. If the doe is pregnant, the anus will drop away from the tail area and the vulva will appear longer, like a teardrop.However, as with looking at the goat's belly size, this is subjective and based on good observation skills.  The vet can do a blood test to check. However, goats can show a false positive and this may be accompanied by an increased belly.If you want absolute certainty, ask the vet for an ultrasound. Since this is costly, not many breeders indulge in this unless absolutely necessary.  The doe may act up and seem grumpy or cranky when closer to the due date for kidding., Some does produce this, some don't. If you see it coming out of the back of the doe, this suggest that labor may occur any time within a few hours to a few days., This tends to increase in size close to kidding time.It may only do this several hours before kidding, depending on the goat as an individual and its breed. The udder may seem very solid and shiny when the kids are close to arrival., This is an innate action of looking for the kid or kids, even though they're yet to be born.If the doe is wandering around bleating either softly or loudly and looks as if she's looking for something, it's time to get her ready for the birthing.   Note that twin kids are normal, as opposed to a single kid., A pregnant doe must not be stressed; if she experiences any stress, she may abort the kids.,   First three months: Maintenance rations are fine. Near full term: Supply half as much feed again. Give vet approved concentrates for extra energy, especially if the doe needs to stay warm., This is especially important if it's winter.  Use an appropriate worming paste or formula your vet has recommended to you.	Be aware of the gestation period for a doe. Look at the doe's size. Do a "pooch test". See the vet or rather, have the livestock vet drop by the farm. Check for mood swings. Check for stringy mucus. Check the udder. Take note of bleating and searching. Ensure that the pregnant doe is well cared for. Feed the goat appropriately. Ensure that the doe has adequate access to shelter throughout the pregnancy. Rid the doe of any internal parasites.
Teach your child how to keep his/her bottom clean. It is very important that your child knows to wash his/her bottom and genitals when taking a shower.If you have a daughter, teach her to wipe from front to back to avoid infection. In girls, bacteria from the colon readily colonize the area around the vagina and urethra, and then need to travel only a short distance through the urethra to the bladder to cause infection.  Bathwater can quickly become contaminated with bacteria from other parts of the body, so your child should take showers rather than baths, especially if she has trouble with recurrent UTIs.   Bubble bath liquid can also irritate the area around the urethra, increasing chances of a UTI.  Frequently emptying the bladder of urine can help it to remain bad bacteria-free. This is because urinating regularly can wash out bad bacteria that is trying to make its way to the bladder.   Staying hydrated will help to keep your child urinating regularly. You should try to teach your child to go to the toilet when he has to urinate, rather than ‘holding it in’ for a long time. Bacteria grows really well in urine, so emptying his bladder regularly will keep him UTI-free.  If your child has recurrent UTIs, you should buy her cotton underwear that allows for airflow. Synthetic fabrics tend to not ‘breathe’ as well, which can cause moisture and irritation to occur., If you think your daughter may be sexually active, or may become sexually active, it is important to discuss safe health practices, including ways to avoid getting a UTI. It is important to talk to her about how spermicidal agents can kill good bacteria that can protect her against UTIs, which makes it more likely that bad bacteria will grow in that area. Make sure that she also knows that it is a good idea to urinate promptly after intercourse.   Talk to your daughter about getting a prescription for antibiotics if she is experiencing recurrent UTIs caused by sexual activity. Antibiotics are generally the best treatment in this situation so it is a good idea to discuss this option with her. The most commonly prescribed antibiotics for this purpose are nitrofurantoin (50 mg), trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (40 to 200 mg), and cephalexin (500 mg).	Make sure your child is maintaining personal hygiene. Avoid having your child take bubble baths if UTIs are an issue. Help your child stay hydrated and teach her or him that he/she should not hold in her urine if she has to go. Buy cotton underwear for your child. Talk about the link between intercourse and UTIs with your teenage daughter.
Use a sharp knife to remove the breasts from a chicken carcass and set them aside. Discard the skin. Then, remove the legs from the chicken and set them aside as well. Use a heavy knife to chop the chicken’s body into fine pieces.,, Add 4 oz. of smoked ham, 1 minced three-inch knob of ginger, 4 smashed garlic cloves, the finely-chopped dry outer leaves of 1 stalk of lemon grass, the stems of 1 small bunch of cilantro, the stems of 1 small bunch of mint, and the whites of six scallions to the saucepan.  After the water simmers, you can reduce the heat to low and skim the foam from the surface of the water, topping it with hot water when necessary.  This will begin to cook the chicken and combine the flavors. ,, Set them aside. Discard the remaining chicken parts. ,, Add 1 finely sliced medium yellow onion, 2 finely sliced medium carrots,1 finely sliced head of Napa cabbage, and 1 finely sliced Thai bird chili to the pot. Cook these ingredients until the vegetables are tender.  You may need to cook the noodles for a bit longer, depending on the directions on the package.  Once the chicken cools down enough so that it can be easily handled, use your hands to shred the meat into bite-sized pieces. Remove the skin and bones.  Add 3 tbsp. of fish sauce, 1/4 cup of lime juice, 1 tbsp. of soy sauce, and the shredded chicken to the pot. Season the soup to taste with Kosher salt.  Garnish the soup with the leaves from 1 bunch of cilantro and 1 bunch of mint, and the greens from 6 scallions.  Enjoy this spicy soup while it’s hot.	Chop 1 whole small chicken (2.5-3lbs.), Move the chicken body and legs to a large saucepan.  , Add the ham, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, cilantro stems, mint stems, and scallion whites to the saucepan. Cover the ingredients with water and bring them to a simmer over high heat. Cook the ingredients for 45 minutes. Add the chicken breasts to the pot and cook the ingredients for 10 more minutes.  , Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer into a 2 quart measuring cup.  , Remove the chicken legs and breasts to a plate. Add hot water to the broth to reach two quarts.  , Rinse the pot and pour the broth into it.  , Add the onions, carrots, cabbage, and Thai chilis to the pot and bring it to a simmer. Add 1 cup of rice noodles to the pot and cook it for five minutes. Shred the chicken breast and leg meat. Add the fish sauce, lime juice, soy sauce, and shredded chicken to the pot. Garnish. Serve.
Popular options include Process Explorer, LockHunter, and Unlocker or Lock-UnMatic and Mac OS File Unlocker for Mac. All of these programs are free and integrate into your Windows interface. If you choose to use Unlocker, be wary when navigating their website because there are numerous tricky ads that may lead to malware on your computer., All of the programs have relatively simple installs. Unzip the file if necessary and open the Setup or Install file. The typical installation settings will work for most users.   Some programs may try to install web browser toolbars during the installation. Make sure to deselect these if you don’t want new toolbars.  Select the newly-installed tool from the menu. This will open a new window. A list will be displayed showing all of the programs that are currently accessing the file.  Select the program that you want to end and click the "Kill Process" button. Once all of the locking programs are closed, you will be able to delete the file without issue.	Find a process unlocking program. Install the program. Right-click on the file you want to delete. End the programs.
Calculating the expected value (EV) of a variety of possibilities is a statistical tool for determining the most likely result over time. To begin, you must be able to identify what specific outcomes are possible. You should either list these or create a table to help define the results.For example, suppose you have a standard deck of 52 playing cards, and you want to find the expected value, over time, of a single card that you select at random. You need to list all possible outcomes, which are:  Ace, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K, in each of four different suits.   ; , Some expected value calculations will be based on money, as in stock investments. Others may be self-evident numerical values, which would be the case for many dice games. In some cases, you may need to assign a value to some or all possible outcomes. This might be the case, for example, in a laboratory experiment where you might assign a value of +1 to a positive chemical reaction, a value of -1 to a negative chemical reaction, and a value of 0 if no reaction occurred.In the example of the playing cards, traditional values are Ace = 1, face cards all equal 10, and all other cards have a value equal to the number shown on the card. Assign those values for this example.  Probability is the chance that each particular value or outcome may occur. In some situations, like the stock market, for example, probabilities may be affected by some external forces. You would need to be provided with some additional information before you could calculate the probabilities in these examples. In a problem of random chance, such as rolling dice or flipping coins, probability is defined as the percentage of a given outcome divided by the total number of possible outcomes.For example, with a fair coin, the probability of flipping a “Head” is 1/2, because there is one Head, divided by a total of two possible outcomes (Heads or Tails).  In the example with the playing cards, there are 52 cards in the deck, so each individual card has a probability of 1/52. However, recognize that there are four different suits, and there are, for example, multiple ways to draw a value of 10. It may help to make a table of probabilities, as follows:  1 = 4/52  2 = 4/52  3 = 4/52  4 = 4/52  5 = 4/52  6 = 4/52  7 = 4/52  8 = 4/52  9 = 4/52  10 = 16/52    Check that the sum of all your probabilities adds up to a total of 1. Since your list of outcomes should represent all the possibilities, the sum of probabilities should equal 1.    , Each possible outcome represents a portion of the total expected value for the problem or experiment that you are calculating. To find the partial value due to each outcome, multiply the value of the outcome times its probability.For the playing card example, use the table of probabilities that you just created. Multiply the value of each card times its respective probability. These calculations will look like this:   1∗452=452{\displaystyle 1*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {4}{52}}}   2∗452=852{\displaystyle 2*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {8}{52}}}   3∗452=1252{\displaystyle 3*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {12}{52}}}   4∗452=1652{\displaystyle 4*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {16}{52}}}   5∗452=2052{\displaystyle 5*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {20}{52}}}   6∗452=2452{\displaystyle 6*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {24}{52}}}   7∗452=2852{\displaystyle 7*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {28}{52}}}   8∗452=3252{\displaystyle 8*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {32}{52}}}   9∗452=3652{\displaystyle 9*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {36}{52}}}   10∗1652=16052{\displaystyle 10*{\frac {16}{52}}={\frac {160}{52}}}     , The expected value (EV) of a set of outcomes is the sum of the individual products of the value times its probability. Using whatever chart or table you have created to this point, add up the products, and the result will be the expected value for the problem.For the example of the playing cards, the expected value is the sum of the ten separate products. This result will be:   EV=4+8+12+16+20+24+28+32+36+16052{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}={\frac {4+8+12+16+20+24+28+32+36+160}{52}}}   EV=34052{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}={\frac {340}{52}}}   EV=6.538{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}=6.538}     , The EV applies best when you will be performing the described test or experiment over many, many times. For example, EV applies well to gambling situations to describe expected results for thousands of gamblers per day, repeated day after day after day. However, the EV does not very accurately predict one particular outcome on one specific test.For example, when drawing a playing card from a standard deck, on one specific draw, the likelihood of drawing a 2 is equal to the likelihood of drawing a 6 or 7 or 8 or any other numbered card.   Over many many draws, the theoretical value to expect is 6.538. Obviously, there is no “6.538” card in the deck. But if you were gambling, you would expect to draw a card higher than 6 more often than not.	Identify all possible outcomes. Assign a value to each possible outcome. Determine the probability of each possible outcome. Multiply each value times its respective probability. Find the sum of the products. Interpret the result.
If you baby won’t eat her food, try feeding it to her in smaller portions. This may be especially helpful if you are trying a new food.When you are trying to get your baby to eat new foods, give her a small taste from your hand or spoon. You may also try to feed your baby small portions of familiar foods if she is refusing to eat.; , Sometimes, your child may not want to eat an unfamiliar food. A way you might get her to eat it is to make the new food she’s resisting look like a food she enjoys.For example, if your child really likes pureed vegetables, give her a new vegetable in the same form. You can also try foods of the same color. Try changing the texture of the food she eats. When switching from baby food, try mashing the food or putting it in a blender if she won’t eat it in whole pieces.Just make sure to increase the lumpiness of your baby's food slowly, such as by mixing a bit of lumpy food in with your baby's pureed food.  When your baby is refusing to eat, try letting her smell the food. This allows her to become familiar with the smell and decide if it is appealing or not.This might mean holding a chunk of food or the spoon to her nose.  If your baby is struggling to eat, then try different foods. Give your baby options in case she will eat one thing and not another.If your baby is being spoon fed and doesn't like one baby food, try a different flavor. If your baby feeds herself, set out multiple foods so she can touch, smell, and taste them and decide what she wants.  Your baby may benefit from eating with you. As babies develop, they like to imitate what they see. Watching you eat may encourage her to eat.Make sure your baby sees you eating. You can even demonstrate eating to your baby to help her want to eat. Eat some of your baby’s food. If your baby sees you eat the food, she may be more inclined to eat it.	Try tiny portions. Disguise the food as something your child likes. Allow your baby to smell the food. Offer your baby options. Eat at the same time as your baby.
When the controlling person is around your friends and supporters, watch out. The controlling person will often try to cause trouble between you and your friends, spreading rumors, attempting to create divisions (divide and conquer) and will even tell lies (exaggerations to be kinder) about you to them or about them to you, to try to break your attachment to them.         The ultimate aim is to isolate you from others so that they can have you all to themselves, inside the reality they're trying to weave for you. Stay alert; any attempt to remove or downgrade your friends or supporters from your life is a red flag.Controlling people are often unreasonably jealous. This is more than just not liking it if another person makes eyes at you. A controlling person will often act like they own you and have the right to determine who you spend time with, what you do, where you go, and when you come home.This is not cute or a sign of their affection for you: it’s controlling.  Controlling people often do not have close friends, and rarely are friends with others who are more attractive, intelligent, or well-liked than themselves. They tend to be jealous of popular, successful people, and will criticize those held in high-regard by others. A lack of close friends may be one additional sign of their inability to tolerate others and their need to control relationships tightly.          Relationships and friendships are not built on who is in control. They are mutual interactions based on shared give and take and always seeking balance.  A controlling person tends to keep up social and legal connections through any means necessary, including threats of litigation, divorce, manipulating marriage, roommate tenancy contracts, shared cell phone plans, misuse of shared credit and similar contracts. Even in social networks, one may block and unblock a person rather than delete the connection, as another attempt to control a difficult or failed relationship. This is because controlling, abusive people are desperate for power.         Suspect excessive generosity from a controlling personality as an attempt to impress and control you. By seeming to give you lots of things, so that you always feel like you're benefiting in some way, you end up feeling as if you owe them something, perhaps even long term. They then use that obligation you feel towards them to control you.	Look at what happens around your other relationships. Check out this person's own personal friendships. Watch for abuse of administrative or social power, including when there are shared rights.
If you do want the browser plugin, sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jre icedtea6-plugin  If you're working on a server without graphics, and want an environment just for running server applications (e.g. Tomcat or Glassfish), sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends openjdk-6-jre-headless  If you need the full JDK (for writing Java programs): sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jdk   apt-get automatically takes care of the dependencies and lists the changes for confirmation.	Enter one of the following into your console program:   If you do not want the browser plugin, sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jre. Enter y to confirm the installation.
Nail polish thinner is sold at many beauty stores and department stores. Add one drop of nail polish thinner at a time. This will ensure that you don't end up making your polish too thin.         Add one drop, close the bottle tightly, and roll it between your hands. See if the nail polish is as thin as you want. If it's not, add another drop of nail polish thinner and repeat. Keep repeating this process until the nail polish is thin and wet like new.  For only slightly thickened nail polish, you may be able to get it flowing again by just rolling it between your hands. Turn the bottle upside down once, allowing color to redistribute. Then, place the bottle between your palms.         Roll the bottle back and forth between the palms of your hands. This may work to loosen up the polish. If this method does not work, you may have to try another means of loosening your nail polish.  Nail polish remover contains acetone. If you can't find acetone, a few small drops of nail polish remover. If you have a bottle of nail polish remover that's almost empty, this can be a particularly good method.         Use an eyedropper to add one drop of polish in at the time, swishing the bottle in between. Add as many drops as you need to adequately loosen up your nail polish.	Use nail polish thinner. Roll the bottle between your hands. Try adding nail polish remover to the polish.
Some products may help minimize skin damage and blemishes caused by acne. If the blemished area appears inflamed, irritated, red, or swollen, then you may be able to reduce the size and appearance of the blemish by using the topical steroid cream.Hydrocortisone cream is available in 0.5% and 1% strengths without a prescription. The active ingredient, absorbed by skin cells in the damaged area, works to reduce the inflammation and improve the appearance of the blemish. Apply the cream or ointment several times a day according to the product directions. General recommendations limit the use of topical steroid products to no more than seven days. Monitor the area for any unwanted effects. Sometimes the prolonged use of topical steroid products can cause the skin to atrophy, or start to break down. This reaction most commonly occurs with use in moist areas of the body and on the face.; , Studies support the benefit of using products containing onion skin derivatives mixed with other ingredients, such as allantoin, for its healing abilities.Products that contain onion skin derivatives are available without a prescription. Recommendations for use include a once daily application for several months. It takes time to alter the skin tissue and allow for remodeling to occur.  Silicone sheeting products are effective in reducing the size and appearance of some types of scars. Many variables may influence your response to using this type of treatment to improve the appearance of your scars.Silicone gel sheets are available without a prescription at most local and online pharmacies. The package contains sheets that can be cut to fit the size of the area. Using the silicone gel sheeting daily may help minimize or fade a scar as well as prevent it from getting worse. Use silicone sheeting for 3 months for best results.  Sun protection is vital for minimizing scars. Choose a sunscreen with zinc or titanium oxide to protect against both UVA and UVB rays. Choose a sunscreen with a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or higher., Green tea contains chemical compounds called phenols that have both antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Applying green tea topically causes a release of a phenol compound that provides benefit in treating scar tissue.Research supports the topical use of green tea extract. One study was able to show a significant reduction in the growth of scar tissue as well as shrinking tissue that was already developed. Every scar is different. Green tea extract was studied in the types of scars called keloid scars. This generally means that the scar tissue formed above the regular skin tissue, causing a raised scar that can be felt. Green tea extract creams can be purchased at most pharmacies or online.  There is no scientific or absolute recipe for making your own topical green tea extract product, so use caution. Adjust your recipe as you learn what works best for your skin.One recipe suggests using two tablespoons full of green tea added to ¾ cup of very hot, but not boiling, water. Steep the tea for five minutes, then strain it through a fine filter or cheesecloth. The remaining liquid should equal about ½ cup of strong tea. Let the liquid cool completely, maybe overnight. Select your base cream. Basic emollient creams that do not contain any added preservatives or fragrances are available for purchase and are not expensive. Use a sturdy spatula, or even a blender or electric mixer, and add cream to the tea in small portions until you have the desired thickness. Store your cream in a jar or other suitable container in a cool, dry place. Remember, you did not add preservatives. Do not keep your cream around for an extended amount of time. Store your cream in the refrigerator, but not the freezer, to extend the time it will remain uncontaminated.  Hydroquinone 2 to 4% topical products work by fading discolored areas of skin. For some types of scars, including those caused by acne, the skin can appear discolored with a pinkish or reddish tone.Hydroquinone products require a prescription. Concerns have developed about the use of topical hydroquinone and the possible development of some forms of cancer. The FDA is reviewing products that contain hydroquinone for safety. Talk to your doctor or dermatologist about the risks and be sure this is the most effective treatment option for managing your scars.  Some scars are too large and possibly too old to respond well to topical remedies. In some cases, you may want to talk to a dermatologist about procedures available to remove your scars.Laser resurfacing is a procedure that removes the external surface layers of the skin where the scar or skin damage is located. Newer techniques and equipment accomplish the desired results in very little time. Dermabrasion uses special equipment and procedures that target the damaged or scarred areas. The procedure removes the outer layers of skin in those areas and stimulates the growth of new skin. Microdermabrasion is a milder form of dermabrasion. This procedure is helpful in reducing scars and imperfections that are more superficial. Steroid injections into the skin can soften existing scar tissue. Steroid injections often need repeated treatments. Injectable fillers, such as collagen and fat injections, can immediately raise sunken scars, making them more level with the natural surface of the skin. However, this treatment is not permanent and may need to be repeated. Radiotherapy is not used often due to the potential problem with longer term side effects. Radiotherapy uses low-dose radiation to prevent the formation of certain types of scar tissue. Surgery can be performed to alter the size, depth, or color of a scar, although it can’t be removed completely. However, surgery isn’t suggested for hypertrophic or keloid scars because it can make them worse.  Putting concealer on a scar is a good way to hide it temporarily. Pick a shade that is as similar to the color of your skin as possible. If the scar is red or pink, try a concealer with a green undertone. If the scar is brown, try a concealer with a yellow undertone. Be sure to choose a waterproof concealer.	Use an over-the-counter steroid product. Apply onion skin products. Use silicone sheeting. Wear sunscreen. Try applications of green tea extract. Make your own green tea extract cream. Consider a topical hydroquinone product. Consider a medical procedure. Wear concealer.
More serious cases of vitamin D deficiency might require high-dose therapy. Also known as stoss therapy, this method of treatment involves a total vitamin D dosage of 300,000 to 500,000 IU.Discuss factors like age with your doctor when considering stoss therapy. High-dose therapy has been linked with an increased fracture risk in older women., Severe cases of hypocalcemia, or calcium deficiency, can accompany vitamin D deficiency. Typically seen in infants under six months, hypocalcemia can cause seizures and lead to rickets, or soft, bent bones. An IV calcium supplement may be required and a patient should remain under close observation under calcium levels normalize., Your doctor will most likely recommend follow-up testing to gauge the treatment’s effectiveness. Annual tests might be required if you fall into a high risk category or have a condition that interferes with vitamin D absorption.Follow-up tests can also determine if your vitamin D levels are too high due to high-dose therapy. While vitamin D toxicity is rare, it can cause organ damage. Consult your doctor about stopping supplements until your vitamin D levels return to normal.	Get high-dose vitamin D therapy. Ask the doctor about calcium supplementation. Get another blood test within three months.
The fitting of the vest is very important to successfully wearing a menswear-inspired vest. Since these are typically placed in women’s wardrobes from family members and boyfriends, it’s important that your vest fits before incorporating in into your wardrobe. Put on a t-shirt or sweater and try on the vest.   The important aspects to pay attention to are the shoulders and the width. The shoulders shouldn’t extend over your shoulder line. The width of the vest, when buttoned, should fit without feeling floppy. A good fitting vest should be a little snug, but not uncomfortable.The vest shouldn’t extend, lengthwise, past your belt line.  There are several retail chains that sell menswear vests. You can also receive or borrow vests from family and friends. Thrift stores will also have a big selection of vests. Browse through one of these retail clothing stores for a menswear-inspired vest that will be found in the women's section:   Express, Old Navy, and Steve & Barry's are all good places to find one.  You should have a vague idea of which colors you often wear. If you’re unsure, browse through your wardrobe. Take note of certain clothes or outfits that you especially enjoy wearing. Take a few of your favorite tops and bottoms out and lay them on the bed.   This will help you create a visual of how the vest will fit into your favorite outfits.  Complementary colors are colors that are opposite to each other on the color wheel. After sorting through your clothes, you can pick out a vest that matches your clothes and tastes based off the complementing colors. Look at a color wheel to determine which colors are complementary; for example:   A yellow top would benefit from a violet or a reddish violet vest. A blue vest would complement an orange or reddish orange top., Another easy way to match your vest with your outfits is by combining neutral colors. Neutral colors are colors that do not attract too much attention from others. While this sounds boring, it is a good way to look sleek and subtle. The easiest way to match your outfits is by using a monochromatic scheme, which means everything is the same color. Here are a list of neutral colors:   Black Beige Taupe Olive, Analogous colors are a combination of colors that are directly next to each other on the color wheel. This is a great way to achieve a harmonious mood. An analogous combination would be red, purple, and blue or orange, red, and purple.   You can use two analogous colors if you want to stay subtle. Analogous color combinations becomes more lively with contrasts between them like shade, tone, or tint.	Make sure the vest fits you. Acquire a menswear-inspired vest. Take note of your color preferences. Find a vest that is a complementary color. Use neutral colors or a monochromatic scheme. Choose analogous colors.
Community Filters are Snapchat overlays available in public locations. They are free to create, and can be used by any Snapchat user within the area you specify.  You’ll need to create your filter with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, or another application capable of saving 24-bit transparent PNG files.Community Filters are for public, non-promotional use only. To advertise a business or private event, see Creating an On-Demand filter.; , It’s on the left side of the screen, under “Community.”,  The filter must be saved as a transparent PNG-24 file (.png). The image dimensions must be 1080 px by 1920 px. The size of the file cannot exceed 300 kb.  It’s at the top right corner of the screen., Using the template ensures that you submit the correct size and type of file. Select “Photoshop” to download a .PSD file, or “Illustrator” to download an .AI file.  If you don’t have Photoshop or Illustrator, consider GIMP, (a free alternative to Photoshop). If you use GIMP, download the PSD file.  In most applications, you’ll do this by clicking File at the top of the screen, then selecting Open., Your custom filter should be visually compelling and relevant to the location.To edit the sample text, click the Text tool (the T icon in the left toolbar of most image-editing programs), then click the text. You can copy and paste other designs and images into your filter, but they must be your original art. The center of the image should remain clear. Avoid creating a full border. Instead, concentrate on a single corner, bottom, or side of the image.  Here’s how to do this in Photoshop (the steps should be similar in other editing programs):  Click File in the top menu bar. Select Save for Web and Devices. Select “PNG-24” from the “Presets” menu at the top right area of the window. Make sure the box next to “Transparency” is checked. Click Save. Enter a name for your file and click Save again.  It should still be open to the Snapchat filter upload page. If you don’t see a map and a yellow bar on the right side of the screen, navigate to https://www.snapchat.com/geofilters/submit.html., You can define an area (between 20,000 and 5,000,000 square feet) by drawing a virtual “fence” on the map. Here’s how:   Click Draw Fence at the bottom center area of the map. Use the + and – buttons on the bottom right corner of the map to zoom closer to an area. Click a place in the map where you want to start drawing the fence. A dot will appear at the place you clicked. Click additional points in the fence until you’ve returned to the first dot. Click the first dot to close the fence. The selected will turn red.  It’s in the large white box on the right side of the page. Once the file selection window appears, navigate to your filter, then double-click to upload., Besides your name and email address, you must enter a description for your filter in the “Why is this location important to you” box. Include a detailed explanation of why you think people will want to use the filter., You must place check marks in all empty boxes before you can submit the form., Snapchat will review your filter submission and send you an email once it is approved or denied. You should hear back in a few days to a week, but it may be longer during holiday seasons.	Open https://www.snapchat.com/geofilters in a web browser. Scroll down and click Create Now. Review the image requirements and click Next. Hover your cursor over Download Template. Click your desired template. Open the template in your image-editing application. Create your filter design on the template. Save your filter as a web-optimized PNG file. Return to your web browser. Select the area where you want the filter to be available. Click the + to upload your filter. Fill out the form. Agree to the terms. Click Submit.
Smiling is physical, but anyone can smile at anytime.  Smiling will make people around you (including yourself), feel more happy and bright.  Someone who smiles all the time is really attractive.  Smiling will make you seem approachable. Whenever you see someone (even if you don't know them very well or at all), shine a big smile at them, chances are they'll smile back.  Don't try to show off too much or boast.  Having pride, dignity, and confidence is definitely a must, but don't overdo it and let someone else have the spotlight on them every once in a while.  Try not to be too overly loud or annoying. This may seem attractive to the people who act this way, but it really is not.  Kindness is a must! Always give compliments to everyone you know, maybe even strangers.Always offer to do favors for people and help others whenever you can. Treat others the way you would like to be treated.  Unfortunately, nowadays many people are rude and ignorant, so don't be like that.  Always smile, always laugh, and always seem happy.  Of course you don't have to be 24/7, because we are all human and we all cry and frown, but don't let it show.  Try to have a good temper and think of the good side.  Bravery is also important. Be willing to meet new people and speak for yourself. Don't let anyone tell you you can't do something.  As corny as it sounds, if you believe you can do it, you can.  Don't think, act, is a good motto.  Whenever a friend needs something, offer to help them achieve it.  Always be there for the people you love.  Friends are people who will help you get through rough times, and that will always support you, forever.  Be confident in everything you do, sit or stand up straight, take a deep breath, and believe you can do it.  Don't let others push you off your throne. You own yourself, so you can do whatever you want. Always be happy, healthy, and confident, of course, charming.	Smile. Be humble. Be kind. Be positive. Be brave. Be a good friend. Be confident.
First impressions are usually formed within 30 seconds. The first thing an employer will notice is your physical appearance. Pick a wardrobe that communicates effort and professionalism.   Research the company's dress code going into the interview. If you know anyone from the company, ask them what's appropriate. You can also call the company's Human Resource Department and ask what is recommended in terms of attire. If you're interviewing for a professional, managerial, or executive position you should always wear a suit. Have a few interview suits, preferably tailored to your body, on hand to choose from.If the attire is business casual, or if you're applying for a lower ranking position, a nice blouse with dress pants or a skirt is a good choice for women. Men can wear dress pants and a button down shirt and tie.If this is for a factory, construction, or other such job where you will get dirty, wear sensible attire to the interview, this includes steel-toed safety shoes and if it's a construction site, you'll need to wear a hard hat (not a bump hat) to get from the gate to the office. Do not forget footwear. Oftentimes, an outfit is great but shoes are tattered or worn. Invest in comfortable, work-appropriate shoes. Do not fret if you have to pay a little more. Remember, you will use these shoes often when you land a job.Avoid perfumes and other fragrances, which can appear tacky and put off interviewers. While accessories, like a nice belt or tasteful jewelry, can be a nice touch avoid anything overly flashy or distracting.If you wear make-up, stick to neutral shades of lipstick, eye-liner, and eye shadow. Your make-up should ideally enhance your existing facial features without overwhelming them.; , Never go into an interview without prior knowledge of the company. This conveys a lack of interest and respect on your part. Conduct thorough research in the days leading up to an interview.   Know what skills the company values. Look at the career page on their website and pay close attention to the desired qualifications listed on their job postings. This gives you the opportunity to learn more about a given company and discover what aspects of your skill set and career history to emphasize.Read up on the latest news involving the company. Oftentimes, company websites have a section dedicated to press releases and news coverage. You can also search for the company's name in Google News.Research the company's mission and values. You'll want to make sure you come off as a good fit for the company's culture. There should be a section on the company's website with a mission statement. You can also follow the company on social media to get a sense of their ethos.Find out who your interviewer will be. Oftentimes, this is disclosed in the email asking you to come in for an interview. If not, you can politely request their name. Research the interviewer on LinkedIn and Twitter. This increases your chance of connecting and, in turn, landing the job., Concrete is better than abstract when it comes to wowing an interviewer. You should have a few solid anecdotes prepared that speak to your experience.   People tend to remember stories easier than direct information. Therefore, telling a story rather than simply conveying your experience means you'll stand out in an interviewer's mind.Ask yourself, what are the skill sets this company is looking for? Write down a list of skills and, from there, try to come up with stories from past jobs, volunteer experiences, and internships that illustrate your proficiency with said skills. Have 2 to 3 anecdotes to choose from going in. Rehearse. Recite the stories to yourself to make sure you include all necessary information and don't slip up or stutter during the interview. You can always record yourself speaking and play back the recording to see where you need to improve.  It's not uncommon for employers to scan the Twitter and Facebook accounts of potential employees. Make sure your social media presence is clean before going into an interview.   Curse words do not reflect well on you as a potential employee. Make sure any obscenity is removed. A negative attitude can be a deterrent to employment and people often take to Twitter and Facebook to complain. Delete tweets or statues that air grievances about friends, family members, or businesses. If you want to err on the side of caution, you can temporarily deactivate your Facebook or Twitter profile the week before your interview. You can also change privacy settings so only certain posts are visible to the public.  While arriving late to an interview is a major no-no, many people don't realize arriving exactly on time may also reflect poorly on you. Arriving early reflects initiative, drive, and good time management skills.   Aim to show up 10 to 15 minutes early, but no earlier than that. Any earlier can put pressure on your interview to conduct the interview prematurely. Stay off your phone while waiting. There's always a chance of receiving distressing information through your smart phone. You don't want anything to take your focus away from the interview.Briefly review any notes you have, but do not go overboard as this can increase your anxiety. Simply scan what you've jotted down.Sit up straight and be attentive. Convey confident body language even while waiting as this will set the tone for your interview., Your interview starts the moment you enter an establishment. Treat any secretaries or other employees with courtesy as you navigate your way through a place of business. Your interviewer might ask about your behavior afterwards, so be sure to be friendly and engaged with everyone you meet and not just the person conducting the interview.  A good handshake is vital. This is your first opportunity to impress an interviewer.   A handshake should be neither too limp nor too hard. Both methods are off-putting to interviewers.Make sure you arrange your belongings on your left side as you'll be shaking with your right hand. You don't want to leave your interviewer waiting while you fumble with folders and notebooks.Offer your hand with your palm slightly up, allowing the interviewer's hand to cover yours. This is a subtle gesture that conveys respect.Never cover the interviewer's hand with your left hand while shaking. This can be seen as inappropriate and a sing of domination., From the moment you enter the room, use body language that conveys confidence and respect.   When you're being lead to the interview, follow the leader. This shows you respect their position of authority over you.Put any belongings, such as a briefcase or purse, on the floor beside you. Holding onto to these items during an interview is awkward and distracting. Placing them on the interviewer's desk can be seen as intrusive.Sit up straight in a manner that displays your neck, chest, and stomach. Do not lean forward. This makes you look nervous or aggressive.Keep your hands above the desk and below your collar bone when gesturing. You don't want to appear overly excited, which can put off your interviewer., The power of the paper resume still exists in our increasingly digital world.   Even if your interviewer does not need an extra copy, they will be impressed you took the initiative to print one out beforehand.Keep your resume in a business folder so it's not tattered or torn when you enter the interview.Having copies on-hand reflects initiative and organizational skills, highly valued traits in job candidates., Remember, you're competing with an onslaught of other applicants for a single job. If you can find appropriate ways to stand out, this could translate to success in landing the position.   If there's anything in the interviewer's office that interests you, bring it up. This is especially effective if you have common interests. People are more likely to remember, and hire, people they like. If, for example, you see a picture of your interview riding a horse ask about it, and casually mention you used to take horseback riding lessons as a child.The interviewer will likely ask a general question going in, like "How are you today?" Think of a creative, amusing answer. Instead of saying something like, "Fine" or "I'm good," try using a memorable adjectives like, "Perfect" or "Doing fantastic." You could also create your own answer, relating your mood to something interesting in your day. Like, "Great, actually. The drive over here was so scenic it put me in a fantastic mood."Leave behind a resume or work sample. That way, the interviewer will have a physical reminder of your presence even after you leave., Knowing interview etiquette is key to impressing your interviewer, and you should know what subjects are off-limits during an initial evaluation.   Never bad-mouth past employees. Whether it’s your prospective employer’s competition or a previous employer, only say positive nice things about others. Interviewers might be wary to trust you if you come off as bitter or a gossip. Do not discuss salary or ask about benefits during the initial interview. While important, these questions should wait. You want to look interested in the position because of a genuine investment in the company rather than monetary gain. Hold off on such questions until you've been hired or moved to another round of interviews.  You will likely be asked if you have any questions about the position. Many candidates simply say "No" or ask something about logistics (i.e., "When will I hear back?") but this is your opportunity to convey genuine interest in the company.   Ask about the company's values and how your work can help further those values. Also, ask about the company's culture. Ask your interviewer what aspects of that culture they find most valuable as an employee.Ask the interviewer if they have any concerns about hiring you. This shows you're willing to adapt to changes and are genuinely invested in self improvement.Ask what an average day of work looks like. This shows that you want to be prepared in the event you get the job. Ask about what opportunities the company provides for collaboration, growth, and education. This shows you're interested in growing as a person and a professional during your employment., Your departure is as important as your arrival, so make sure to exit the interview with grace and class.   Gather your belongings calmly. Try not to stumble or drop anything.Shake hands again, following proper protocol. If you can't conveniently shake hands with everyone present, make sure you at least shake hands with the hiring manager. Nod your head as you leave and take the quickest and most convenient route out the door.You may be tempted to try and read your interviewer's body language for signs on how you did, but this can cause undue anxiety. You don't want to engage in any behaviors that can disrupt your confidence., In order to convey continued interest, follow up in the days following the interview.   As soon as you get home, write down notes from the interview. Include the names of the interviewer and staff you met and specific questions you were asked.Using blank notecards, write a handwritten note to everyone you met. Thank them for the opportunity to interview at their company and mention any specifics you remember about the experience.Emails are often used as a form of follow up, and while this can be great in a pinch aim for a physical note. This sets you apart from other candidates and shows greater effort.	Choose professional attire. Get educated. Prepare stories that illustrate your skill-set. Alter your social media sites. Arrive early. Be friendly to everyone you meet. Work on your handshake. Use effective body language. Bring extra copies of your resume. Find ways to be memorable. Avoid certain subjects. Ask the right questions. Depart smoothly. Follow up.
Gossip will only hurt your friendship. If someone tries to talk badly about your friend, ask them to stop. Refuse to listen if people say that your friend is trashing you. Even if it’s true, it’s not going to help you patch things up.   Say, “I’m not interested in hearing that.”  , Start with a clean slate. Once your issues have been resolved, don’t keep punishing your friend, acting cold, or bringing up mistakes they made as ammo in other fights. Let go and move on.   Focus on the future. If you find yourself in a similar issue as before, give your friend the benefit of the doubt instead of jumping to conclusions.  When you’re first rebuilding a friendship, it can feel awkward. Spending time with a group will allow you guys to spend time together with a buffer while emotions are still raw.Ask your entire friend group to go out to dinner. Find community or school events, and pick one that connects to a shared interest.  If your friend has met someone new, don’t see it as the end of your friendship. One of you will be the first to find a partner or a new good friend. If your friend does before you do, it can be hard to accept your new dynamic, but know that it happens to everyone.Don’t see it as a rejection. Your friend is not trying to replace you. They just found someone else they click with. Your relationship may change, but it’s not over. Reach out to the new person. Keep an open mind and try to get to know the other person. If it’s a new boyfriend or girlfriend, be excited for your friend’s happiness and let them feel like they can confide in you.  If your friend has a new situation in their life that keeps them from you, such as a sick relative, a new baby, or additional work/school responsibilities, find ways that you can easily fit into their day. Since your friend’s life is changing, your time together may need to change, too. Show them that you still fit into their life.Visit your friend during your lunch hour. Join your friend in an activity you know they attend regularly, such as a class at the gym. If your friend is in a new relationship, remind your friend that you need one-on-one time. Say, “Your new boyfriend is great, but can we grab lunch just the two of us this weekend?”  , Spend time rekindling your friendship doing something you guys both love, preferably something unique to your friendship. This will remind you of good times you’ve had together and help both of you move past the issues that had come between you. For example, if you both love singing, go out for karaoke.	Ignore gossip. Forgive and forget. Invite them to a group event. Understand that new relationships are inevitable. Find new ways to spend time together. Engage in a favorite activity.
Use the link or type the URL in a Web browser.  If your email or phone number isn't filled in automatically, type it into the labeled field and click on NEXT.; , below the password field.,  If you don't remember any of the passwords you've used before, click on Try a different question at the bottom of the gray box. Continue clicking on Try a different question until you come across one that you can answer, answer it, then click on Next.  You'll be asked to do one of the following:  Confirm a text to the phone number associated with your Gmail account; Confirm a message to the email associated with your Gmail account; Confirm an email to a recovery email account if you've set one up; or Enter an email that you can check immediately. ,,,, Your password has been recovered and you can sign into Gmail with it.  If you were unable to enter a previous password or receive a message at your associated phone number, email, or recovery email, you'll be asked to "briefly tell us why you can’t access your account." Enter a reason and click on Submit. Google will get back to you in 3-5 business days.	Go to http://www.gmail.com. Click on Forgot password?, Enter the last password you remember and click on Next. Follow the on-screen instructions.Open the applicable email or text message from Google.Enter the verification code in the message in the field on the screen.Enter a new password and confirm it in the labeled fields.Click on Change password. Click on ACCEPT.
If the blade is still attached to the cup portion, unscrew it from the base before washing it. Set your Nutribullet parts on a counter and unplug the power base., The safest way to wash the cup of your Nutribullet is by hand. Run it under warm water and use a sponge and dish soap to thoroughly wash out the interior and exterior of the mixing cup. You can also put the cup on the top rack of your dishwasher if you are using a normal wash cycle.Do not use the sanitize cycle if you are washing your cup in the dishwasher. Do not submerge portions of your Nutribullet into boiling water.  It's important that you wash the blade portion by hand. Use a sponge and two drops of dish soap to get under the blades and remove any built up food that's been caught under the blades. Keep your hands and fingers away from the sharp edge to prevent cutting yourself.Do not put the blade in the dishwasher. High heat can warp and melt the plastic and ruin your Nutribullet.  Wipe the interior and exterior of the cup and blade portions with a dry rag, or you place them on a drying rack for up to an hour to air dry. Once the parts on your Nutribullet are dry, you can use them again. You should wash the blades and cup after every use of your blender.	Unscrew the blade from the cup. Wash the cup by hand or put it in the top rack of a dishwasher. Wash the blade portion with soap and water. Dry the cup and blades.
Do not change your normal showering routine during your period.If you feel vaginal soreness, you may even want to shower more than once a day, using warm or hot, but not boiling, water to clean your vagina. Taking warm baths may also help relieve pain and keep your vagina clean.   Do not use harsh soaps or rough loofahs while showering. Do not douche your vagina during this time.; , Check your pad or tampon every two hours, and change it at least every 4-6 hours.Keeping your vulva area dry during your period may help relieve any topical soreness.  Since toilet paper can be rough and irritating to skin, buy some simple feminine wipes to use during your period. These will soothe your skin and provide a cooling relief.   Feminine wipes can be found at any discount department or grocery store. Discontinue use if the wipes irritate your vagina further. Do not insert the wipes into your vagina.	Shower regularly. Change your pad or tampon often. Use soft, soothing wipes instead of toilet paper.
The most interesting people are those who do things their own way and do not conform to the demands of others. Find the things that make you the person that you are and develop them. Do not abandon hobbies or avoid certain styles because they are not cool. Instead, embrace those things. Say what you think. Stick to your convictions and do not abandon your beliefs because they are unpopular.; , Curiosity leads to the accumulation of new experiences and viewpoints. Instead of disconnecting from “strange” or different ways of understanding the world, engage them and seek out new sources of information. Do not be afraid of something because it is not considered mainstream.Find new books, movies, television shows, and podcasts. Ask your teachers about learning about different schools of thought and philosophies.  Try to be empathic towards others and accepting of their differences. Often the most interesting people are the most accommodating. Do not bully others because of their differences. Instead, reach out to them and learn about what makes them unique.   Discuss different religious beliefs with your friends and family. Make friends with those who are different than you.  Always be on the lookout for new experiences of any sort. Trying new things will broaden your horizons and help you create new life experiences. Eat foods you have not tried before. Listen to new music or see a movie you typically would not watch. Seek out adventure whenever you can., Part of being an interesting person is being well-rounded and pursuing a number of different hobbies broadens your horizons and allows you to try new things. Try new activities that are maybe outside you comfort zone. This will lead to unique and interesting experiences.Join different school clubs or teams. This will help you find new things that you might be interested in.  Being able to captivate others with a good story is essential to being considered interesting. Do not just ramble on about any subject, be deliberate with what you are telling others. Try to be concise and engaging while making sure that your story has a beginning, middle and an end. Hone your public speaking ability by taking speech and other communications classes. Develop your story telling skills in your literature and creative writing courses.  You can make a great impression on someone by simply being an attentive listener. Talking about ourselves gives the brain as much pleasure as food or money, and that good association rubs-off on a good listener. Engage others in conversation by talking about their interests. You might learn interesting new things. Make eye contact. This will help you pay attention to what others are saying. Put away your phone when you are hanging out with other people. This will help you stay engaged in the conversation.  Challenge fashionable trends and develop a look that is all your own. If worn with confidence, others will be drawn to your look. Do not bend your behavior to match the expectations of others.Find clothing and accessories that adhere to your sense of style and not someone else’s.  Being well-read will open up your mind to new worlds. It will allow you to learn about different cultures and time periods. This will come in handy when you find yourself chatting with others and you have an interesting anecdote or special insight into what they are talking about. Spend some time in your school library and find books that look interesting. There is not one subject of kind of book that will make you more interesting. Join a book club or other group that will help you read more. Do your homework. As a teen you will be assigned interesting reading. Take advantage of it.  One of the best ways to broaden your horizons is through travel. As a teen, this might be more difficult but it is not impossible. Take advantage of every opportunity to go somewhere new and meet new people. This will give you a whole host of new experiences that will bump you up the interesting scale.Take advantage of family vacations or other opportunities to see and learn about new places. Although Kansas City might not be as exciting a location as Paris, there are things about it that are unique and interesting. Find out if there are any groups you can join that might afford you the opportunity to travel.  Having a number of different talents will make you the go-to person in your circle of friends. Learn how to fix a bicycle, write code, or bake. Any skill you can share will draw others to you.Join a school or community club or take a class that will teach you a skill you want to learn.  Find the clothes that you feel convey your unique sense of style. Your clothing is a way for you to make a statement about who you are. Try out styles and combinations of accessories you might not normally wear. You may find a look that is more uniquely and authentically you.Wear t-shirts of your favorite band and try to adopt their style. Try to get a vintage look by shopping at your local thrift store. Wear clothes that reflect your interests and personality. For example, if you are a vegan, don't wear leather. Or, if you are becoming a serious athlete, wear sportier clothes.  Buy shades and colors that you might not normally wear and try them. Find styles and applications that you find appealing. Remember that they do not have to be trendy, just unique.Look through old magazines for vintage looks and try to find makeup to recreate it.  Changing your hairdo is a quick and easy way to develop an interesting look. You can change the color, length, or texture of your hair depending on the look you want to achieve. Find something that you think is eye-catching and try to recreate it. If you are unsure what style you would like, talk with your stylist for pointers and ideas.  Find unique accessories that will set you apart. This could include new jewelry or a different pair of glasses frames. Bring something new to your look that matches your style and sets you apart.  Interesting people exude confidence and the best way to demonstrate your self-assurance is to develop good posture. Keep your back straight and your shoulders squared. This tells people that you are confident, friendly and interesting. Not only will you convince others that you are interesting, you will begin to believe it as well. Avoid slouching or cowering. This tells others that you are insecure and unapproachable.	Be authentic and embrace your difference. Explore different ideas. Be open-minded about different perspectives and ways of viewing the world. Try new things regularly. Find new hobbies. Tell a good story. Be a good listener. Find your own style. Read a lot. Travel. Develop new skills. Wear unique clothes. Try new makeup. Get a different haircut. Wear interesting accessories. Carry yourself like an interesting person.
Only provide feedback if you are truly trying to help your coworker and improve your work product. If you are criticizing because you do not like the person, are frustrated, or are stressed, keep your criticisms to yourself. If you are not criticizing someone for the right reasons, try talking to a friend or family member so you can vent.Feedback should only be given for a specific purpose not just for the sake of doing it.; , Once you identify a specific issue, think about the changes that need to be made and what can be done to achieve them. You are much more likely to see changes if you have a proposed outcome. The criticism you give should be a learning experience for your coworker.   If the issue was a late report, you may think of ways to increase efficiency such as setting small milestones and breaking down the project into multiple reports. This is much more helpful than saying your report was late, you need to work faster.  You don't want to confront a work colleague in front of others, so pick somewhere private. Additionally, you don't want to criticize him if he is having a bad day already. He may be in defensive mode, in which case he will not be open to any form of suggestion, especially a criticism.   If the person is about to finish a project or is preparing for a presentation, wait until they are finished before you criticize their work. Your feedback is not helpful at this time and will not change the outcome of the work.	Examine your motivation. Decide what outcome you would like to see. Choose the right time and the right place when approaching a colleague with criticisms.
Fill a large stockpot with 2 to 3 inches (5 to 7.6 cm) of water and bring it to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, then sit the steamer basket inside.   The steamer basket should not touch the boiling water directly. After reducing the heat, the water should remain at a simmer. Cover the pot with its lid to prevent the water from evaporating as you prepare the cake batter.; , Coat an 8-inch (20-cm) round baking pan with nonstick cooking spray or shortening. Lightly flour the bottom and sides of the pan, as well.   Alternatively, you can coat the sides of the pan with cooking spray and line the bottom with parchment paper.  Combine the butter and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Beat on medium to high speed for several minutes, or until the mixture is light and creamy., Add the eggs to the butter mixture one at a time, beating after each addition.   Make sure that each egg is thoroughly beaten into the mixture after each addition. If you're using small eggs instead of large eggs, you'll need to use three instead of two.  Add one-third of the flour to the batter and beat until combined. Add half of the milk afterward, beating again until evenly combined.   Repeat this procedure with the remaining flour and milk. Add one-third of the flour and mix it in, followed by the remaining milk. Finish by mixing in the last third of the flour.  Drizzle the vanilla extract over the batter. Beat on medium to high speed until incorporated.  Pour one-fourth of the batter into a separate small bowl. Set aside the remaining three-fourths for now.   The smaller portion of batter will be flavored with cocoa powder and the larger portion will remain vanilla flavored.  Sprinkle the cocoa powder into the smaller batch of batter. Mix well by hand or with an electric mixer set to low speed.  Pour the vanilla batter into the greased pan, then drizzle the chocolate batter on top.   Use a knife to carefully swirl the two batters together without mixing them. This act will create the marbled effect.  Tightly cover the top of the cake pan with aluminum foil. Fold the foil under the bottom of the pan to hold it down.   The top of the pan must be covered tightly. Otherwise, excess moisture from inside the steamer can get into the batter and ruin the results.  Place the cake pan in the center of the preheated steam rack. Cover the steamer and cook the cake for 30 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.Keep the steamer over medium heat and avoid lifting the lid as the cake cooks. Each time you lift the lid, some of the heat escapes, which may cause an increase in the overall cooking time.  Remove the finished cake from the steamer and let it cool in its pan before turning it out onto a serving platter. Decorate as desired and enjoy.	Set up the steamer. Grease the baking pan. Cream together the butter and sugar. Add the eggs. Rotate the flour and milk. Mix in the vanilla. Separate the batter. Add the cocoa powder to the small batch. Combine the batters in the prepared pan. Cover the pan. Steam for 30 to 45 minutes. Cool before serving.
The Bitmoji icon looks like a green-and-white, winking smiley emoji in a speech balloon.   If this is your first time using Bitmoji on your device, you will have to log in and create an avatar for yourself.; , This button is in the upper-right corner of your screen. It will open a drop-down menu.  It will open your Bitmoji Settings menu.  It's at the top of the Settings menu.  This is the green button at the bottom of your screen. It will open your device's keyboard settings.  This will allow full access to Bitmoji Keyboard on your Android. Turning this switch to On will redirect you back to the Bitmoji app.   On some devices, you may need to check a box instead of sliding a switch. Depending on your device and software, you may need to confirm your action in a pop-up window.  It's in the upper-right corner of your screen.	Open the Bitmoji app on your Android. Tap the three vertical dots icon. Tap Settings on the menu. Tap Bitmoji Keyboard. Tap Enable Keyboard. Slide the Bitmoji Keyboard switch to On position. Tap Finish.
You must, at least, be able to dig ponds with your shovel before you can get one. In the classic version, you get a pond shovel upgrade at level 7. To make it appear you must dig up 3 pinometers of ground. (If you already have gotten one in the past, Have Gretchen Fetchem get it. Express is SO much faster.); , It should cross the boundary after you get rid of any predators that eat it, like the Pretztail, for example.  Its residential requirements are that you have 4 pinometers of water in your garden and eats a piece of bread.  One can be bought at Costalot's store or grown from a bush.  It will eat it and a cloud will surround the Quackberry. A Juicygoose will walk out.	Attract a Quackberry. To make it visit, have 4 pinometers of water and a corn plant in your garden. Make it Resident. Get the gooseberry. Direct the Quackberry to the gooseberry. Enjoy your goose!
Providing care across the country or even in a neighboring state can add up quickly. Adult children may have to take off work to visit their parents, purchase plane tickets, obtain hotel accommodations, or arrange childcare. Do the math in terms of time and money. Gain a clear picture going in as to how much relocating would save the family.When you have the conversation, the information you learn can help you convince them that moving is a good idea for everyone.; , Don’t wait until a crisis to broach the subject of relocating your parents. Open the lines of communication early. Waiting until after an accident or health scare can lead to a hasty decision.  Plus, if your parents have been living in the same area for an extended time, or they manage quite well right now, there’s a chance they’ll turn down your offer. Bringing up the topic early allows for them to start incorporating it into their list of options when making future plans. Simply put, they’ll have more time to mull it over., Of course, your parents need to be active participants in the decision-making process. However, it will also help if you have the talk in person. Avoid busy holidays or gatherings. Plan a visit when you and your siblings (if you have any) can talk with your parents without distractions. Then, be forthright about your concerns.  Pose the discussion as your problem, not theirs. Say, “Dad, Mom, we’re really concerned about how you guys are managing. You live in a large house. It’s a lot to take care of on your own. Plus, with Dad’s hip surgery, he hasn’t been able to get around as well. It would give us peace of mind to have you closer. What do you guys think about moving out to Denver?”  , Keep in mind that you’re asking your parents to make a major move. If they flat-out refuse, be respectful. It doesn’t mean it won’t be possible in the future. It just means they’re not quite ready. Instead of forcing the issue or starting an argument, try to understand their objections and validate their decision to stay in their current home.Say, “I understand you not jumping for joy, but why are you so against the idea? Help us understand.” It is also helpful to let them know, "The opportunity is here in the future if you ever decide this is something you want. Finding out their reservations can help you gradually develop counterarguments for a future discussion.Realize that unless your parents are cognitively impaired and unable to make sound decisions for themselves, they have a right to refuse to move. If it has been determined by medical professionals that they are unable to make decisions on their own, you will still need to complete an advance directive or durable power of attorney enabling you to make decisions on their behalf., In order to persuade your parents to move nearby, you will have to make sure your siblings are on board. You are more likely to present a convincing argument if everyone is on the same page and agrees that this is the best decision.  Talk to your siblings first. Say, “Mom and Dad aren’t getting any younger. What are we going to do about their long-term care? They live too far away for us to adequately care for them.” If everyone agrees, you can all have separate talks or do it as a group. The important thing is that the message is consistent., Perhaps just one of your parents isn't so sure about the move. Or, maybe they both don't fancy the idea. Find someone they trust, and pitch your idea to this person. It could be another elderly family member or a family friend. Explain your concerns and ask if they will speak to your parents on your behalf.  Sometimes, people need to hear an idea from more than one source to truly consider its legitimacy. If you find an ally, they may be able to communicate your concerns in a way that doesn't come off as pushy. Ask an aunt or family friend, "I think Mom and Dad need to move closer to me, but they don't want to. Could you maybe discuss it with them and try to see if they will change their minds? They have always respected your opinion."	Perform a cost-benefit analysis. Be proactive about the conversation. Talk face-to-face. Encourage them to share their reservations. Ensure all siblings are in agreement. Seek out an ally.
Do you want to use a computer for your automatic writing session or do you want to use pen/pencil and paper? This is completely based on your personal preference. Some would argue that pen and paper is the only good way to use automatic writing,but if you can type faster than you can write (and you’re more comfortable with it), it may be more helpful to use a computer.You can also try out each medium to see which one you prefer, or you can change between the two if you like. If you choose to use a computer, you can open a Word document or a default word processor such as Word Pad (on Microsoft) or TextEdit (on Mac). If you are not skilled in typing on a computer without looking at the keyboard, it is probably better to use pen and paper so that you will not have to concentrate on the act of typing.; , If you are practicing automatic writing to improve your creativity, or to help yourself get started on a writing assignment, then it will be helpful to have a prompt of some sort.You could, for example, write about something that has been on your mind a lot lately, or about a dream you had recently that stands out in your mind. Perhaps a problem you have, or something you are excited about. Maybe you have an idea for a story in mind, in which case you can use that as your topic. If you don’t quite have all the details of story you’d like to write clear, you can simply write about all the different ideas and pieces of the story that you do have. You could, for example, answer the “5 Y’s” about your topic. That is, Who? What? When? Why? How? Or you could just have the topic you want to write about in mind.  10 minutes should be a good starting point.Setting a timer will help you avoid wondering if you’ve been writing for long enough.   Remember that 10 minutes is merely a suggested starting point. If you want to write for longer, then do so. If you set your timer for 10 minutes, but you feel like you have more to write, you should keep going until you feel that you’ve gotten it all out. On the other hand, you should not stop writing until the 10 minutes are up. Even if you feel that you have run out of things to write. Keep trying, and eventually your hand will write something., A key part of practicing automatic writing is to close your eyes while you write. This prevents you from thinking about something you previously wrote, or from correcting something you have written.If you feel that you will be tempted to peek at your work during this exercise, you might also consider putting on a blind fold while you work. If you find that you cannot write with your eyes closed, then do it with your eyes open, but remember that you are not allowed to stop writing to change what you have written. Do not cross anything out, do not erase, do not stop. If your mind suddenly changes directions, then simply start writing whatever it is you are thinking, even if it means starting a new sentence in the middle of a different one.  Write whatever comes in to your mind as it comes into your mind. Ideally, it will be related to your topic, but if it is unrelated, you should still write it.Pay absolutely no attention to grammar, spelling, sentence structure, style, or anything that you would normally be worried about when writing. These things are of absolutely no importance in automatic writing., After you have completed a round of writing, stop your writing, and give yourself a break for a few minutes.  Now you should go back to what you have written and read through it. Don’t judge yourself harshly. What you have written may not make any sense at all, and it definitely won’t be pretty.  As you are reading, you may find things that you find particularly interesting. You should make note of these by highlighting them or circling them to come back to.Using these ideas, you can complete another round of automatic writing, if you feel that you want to continue the exercise.  If, after using automatic writing you feel that you are ready to move on to the next step in your writing process, then do so. On the other hand, if you feel that you have moved forward, but still haven’t gotten what you wanted out of the exercise, feel free to repeat as often as necessary.	Decide on a medium. Give yourself a question or topic that you want to write about. Set a timer. Close your eyes. Start writing. Relax. Read what you have written. Highlight or circle anything that is interesting to you. Continue with your writing.
Before you can see your wish come true, you need to give yourself full permission to believe in the possibility of it coming true. Hope can be difficult to muster in certain circumstances, but try to remember that “optimism” and “realism” are not necessarily opposites.   There's a direct link between optimism and success. Those who are more optimistic about life are more likely to perceive greater opportunities and pursue those opportunities than those who spend their lives in doubt.Simply put, a wish is a beginning. Making and believing in a wish encourages you to take action, and the action you take increases the likelihood of your wish coming true.; , If you want your wish to come true overnight, you'll need to invest as much thought and action into that one wish as possible. Spending energy on multiple wishes at once will prevent you from giving any one wish your full attention, thereby decreasing the likelihood of any wish coming true.  You need to have a clear understanding of your true wish before making it come true. Articulate what you think your wish is, then stop and think about how you feel. If something seems unsatisfactory about the words you spoke, you may need to redefine your wish in more honest terms.   After telling yourself your wish, you should feel pleasant feelings like joy or hope. The idea of seeing your wish come true must be a happy thing. If it isn't, the wish doesn't express your true feelings and you won't be able to devote yourself to pursuing it. For instance, if you're currently suffering from unrequited love and state a wish that your feelings will end, you may feel unhappy afterward. In actuality, you probably want your feelings to be returned. This may not always be possible, of course, but you would ultimately be better off forming wishes around this true desire than you would be if you denied the truth completely.  Fulfilling a wish—especially within a short amount of time—requires a considerable amount of positive energy. If you wish for something negative, you'll inevitably cut down the amount of positive thought and action surrounding that wish, making it harder to fulfill.   Wishes motivated by jealousy are often the ones most at odds with this principle. For example, you might be tempted to wish that your rival will lose the game, promotion, relationship, etc., that you feel envy over, but that wouldn't be a good wish to make. A better wish would be for something equally good to happen in your own life.  You need to wish for something that you actually have some power to fulfill or pursue. The wish may involve other people, but if it depends entirely on someone else or on some force outside anyone's control, there's nothing you can do to ensure that it'll come true.   You can only control your own thoughts and actions, so wishes that depend on others to act on your behalf generally don't come true. You can, however, wish for the ability to influence others toward some type of action. For example, wishing that the object of your unrequited love will return your feelings generally won't accomplish anything, but wishing for the courage and opportunity to interact with that individual usually accomplishes more. Similarly, your wish shouldn't depend on natural or supernatural forces for fulfillment. In other words, a wish for school or work to get canceled due to bad weather usually won't come true, and if it does, it'll probably be a coincidence more than anything else.  There's nothing you can do to change the past, so unfortunately, there's no use in wishing to change something that already happened. Instead, your wish should focus on something you want to see happen within the next 24 hours or near future.   If your deepest desire is somehow connected to a past event, you still need to reframe your wish so that it looks forward. Wish for a different perspective on a past hurt or for the ability to avoid repeating a past mistake.  Enormous wishes probably won't come true overnight, even if you do everything in your power to make them come true. If you have one large wish you want to fulfill, the best way to make it happen is to break it up into smaller wishes. Focus on making those small wishes come true overnight so that you can gradually fulfill your true, final wish over time.   For example, your ultimate wish might be to develop a relationship with the object of your unrequited love. Relationships don't happen overnight, though, so you'll need to choose an immediate wish to focus on. This wish might be for something as simple as the opportunity or courage to speak to that individual.  Wish fulfillment requires positive thought, action, and energy. Spend a few moments to eliminate negative feelings and inclinations from your mind. This includes all feelings related to your wish and all those that aren't.Negative feelings that relate directly to your wish may include fear, doubt, or pessimism toward the possibility of fulfillment. Unrelated negative feelings that could still act as roadblocks include anger toward those around you, jealousy, or apathy. These feelings have a tendency to consume your energy, which can prevent you from devoting the amount of energy you need toward making your wish come true.  Take some time to actually visualize your wish coming true. The picture should be so clear in your “mind's eye” that it nearly seems tangible. Imagining your wish with this level of vividness can give you the energy to chase after it.   Relax. Go to a quiet spot, get comfortable, and close your eyes. Keep your mind as calm and peaceful as possible. Once you feel thoroughly relaxed, think of something that makes you undeniably happy. This can be something related to your wish, but it doesn't have to be. Allow the positive feeling surrounding this thought to sink in. As soon as you feel positive, switch your mind over to your wish. Imagine that it has already come true, and let yourself feel joy over it. Remain in this state for several minutes so that you associate your wish with overflowing sense of positivity.  Unfortunately, merely thinking about your wish won't make it come true. You need to put forth some tangible effort toward your wish to push it along.View the act of making your wish as a starting point and the fulfillment of your wish as an end point. The space in between is a path you'll need to travel. Even when you want to make your wish come true overnight, you'll still need to spend time between now and tomorrow walking that path. Return to the unrequited love example mentioned previously. Instead of merely wishing for the opportunity to speak with that individual, you should look for ways to create an opportunity. Arrange your schedule for the following day so that you can cross paths. Brainstorm possible topics of conversation for when you do meet up.  Tell other people about your wish and emphasize that you want to make your wish come true overnight. Depending on the circumstances, those you tell can become allies and may directly or indirectly help you to make that wish come true.   Others may offer indirect help you by providing advice or encouragement. They can offer direct help by taking some type of action on your behalf. If you tell your best friend that you wish you could converse with the object of your affection tomorrow, he or she might help you brainstorm ways of making it happen and boost your confidence with affirming words of encouragement. If your friend knows the other person involved, he or she may even help set things up so that you'll actually have the opportunity to talk.  You can only actively pursue your wish while you're awake. In order to make your wish come true overnight, you'll need to set things in motion so that they can continue even while you sleep.   This may not always be possible, of course, depending on the specific circumstances. Simply examine the issue and determine if there's anything you can do to help your wish grow while you continue on with the rest of your life. With regards to the unrequited love example, if you're already friends with the person involved, or if he or she is part of a friend group you have some connection to, you might consider extending an invitation toward the individual or group via text or social media. That invitation may help you fulfill your wish by providing an opportunity to talk the next day, but you'll need to wait things out and allow the person in question to check and respond to that invitation first.  As a general rule, you should be wary of any object or source that promises indirect fulfillment of your wish without personal action. Charms should be used only as reminders that you need to take action; avoid relying on the mere existence of charms to answer your wish.   When used appropriately, though, charms can actually be somewhat helpful:  Writing about your wish as though it's already happened can help you visualize it and imagine it as a strong enough possibility to pursue.Wishing on a shooting star, the first star you see at night, the new moon, or the full moon can secure the wish in your thoughts overnight, making it easier to pursue when you wake up in the morning. Adorning a bracelet or key chain with charms that represent your wish can serve as a constant reminder to pursue that desire throughout the day and night.Folding a thousand origami paper cranes can give you time to mediate on your wish and brainstorm ways of making it come true.  Even if you make a realistic wish and do everything you can to make it come true by the following day, life is hard to predict, and things can happen that may prevent your wish from immediate fulfillment. Don't let this discourage you, however. Keep wishing and pursuing your wishes even after your initial time limit runs out.   Too often, the disappointment that results from failing to obtain your wish can introduce doubt or cause you to make excuses. Both doubt and excuses can prevent you from taking action toward the same wish or other wishes in the future. Avoid this downward spiral by immediately turning your attention toward positive thought and action, rather than allowing yourself to dwell on the feeling of disappointment.	Give yourself permission to wish. Make one wish. Seek clarity. Frame your wish in positive terms. Keep the wish self-fulfilling. Focus on the future. Consider the size of your wish. Think positively. Visualize your wish. Leap into action. Share your wish with others. Let your wish grow without you. Utilize charms sparingly. Don't give up.
You can do this using a whisk or fork. For a sweeter crust, add ¼ teaspoon of sugar. Mixing the dry ingredients together will give ensure that everything mixes in evenly.  You can also use a fork or two crisscrossing knives as well. Keep blending until your mixture resembles coarse, pea-sized crumbs. Make sure that the shortening is cold when you add it in, or your dough won't turn out right.Alternatively, you can pulse the mixture a few times in a food processor or blender. Some people have had success using solid coconut oil instead of vegetable shortening. Others have found that this makes the dough too soft., Keep mixing and adding water until everything comes together to form a ball. Be careful not to over mix, or your crust will be too tough.,, Next, roll the dough out until it is a few inches wider than your pie dish; you need to include the height of the dish, or the dough won't fit into it.  Sprinkle the dough with more four as necessary to keep it from sticking to the rolling pin. If you do not own a rolling pin, you can use a glass bottle instead.  You can do this by folding it into quarters, placing it into the dish, and then unfolding it. You can also do it by gently rolling it onto the rolling pin, then unrolling it over the pie dish.Once you have the dough in the pie dish, trim off any excess with a knife. At this time, you can also pinch the edges of the crust to make it more fancy.  If the dough breaks apart, simply press it back together using your fingers. If the dough got too soft during the rolling, refrigerate it for 30 minutes before moving onto the next step., Once the baking time is up, reduce the temperature to 400°F (200°C) and bake the crust for a few more minutes. This will give your crust that nice, golden brown color., As the crust cools, you can start preparing your pie filling. You can make a tofu-based one, or soy-free based one.,, Make sure that you are using plain, pureed canned pumpkin and not the "pumpkin pie filling." The canned filling is not vegan. You may also want to cut the tofu into smaller cubes first.  If you don't have a blender, use a food processor fitted with blades instead. If you can't find all of the spices, you can use 2¼ teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice instead., If the filling is not blending evenly, pause the blender, and use a rubber spatula to scrape any unmixed filling down the sides and towards the bottom. If the filling is still too thick, ad 1 to 2 tablespoons of non-dairy milk (such as almond, rice, or soy) to thin it out, and blend again.  Use a rubber spatula to scrape all of the mixture out of the blender and to smooth down the top of the pie.  The pie will not be completely baked, which is fine. You will continue baking it the rest of the way at a cooler temperature.  The pie is ready when a knife poked into the center comes out clean.  If the pie is not setting, let it cool down to room temperature first, then put it into the fridge until it sets, about 3 to 4 hours. , The molasses is not completely necessary, but it will give the pie a more complex flavor. Also, you can use canned pumpkin purée, but make sure that you are using plain pumpkin purée, and not the "canned pumpkin pie filling." The pumpkin pie filling version is not vegan.  If you can't find any cornstarch, you can use arrowroot powder instead.f you can't get all of the spices, use 2½ teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice instead.Alternatively, you can use ¼ to ¾ cups (60 to 180 milliliters) of full fat coconut milk instead of almond, rice, or soy milk for something richer., If the ingredients are not blending smoothly, pause the blender, and scrape any unmixed filling down towards the bottom of the blender with a rubber spatula., Use a rubber spatula to help guide the filling into the crust, and to scrape any mixture leftover out of the blender. Smooth the top of the pie down with the spatula, if necessary., The pie is ready when a knife poked into the center comes out clean., The pie will need to finish setting first before you can serve it. If the pie is still too soft, let it chill for another 1 to 2 hours.	In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, and salt. Cut the vegetable shortening into cubes, then mix it into the flour using a pastry blender. Pour the water 1 tablespoon at a time over the flour mixture and mix it with a fork. Cover the dough with plastic wrap, then chill it for at least 30 minutes.As the chilling time is almost up, you can start preheating your oven to 450°F (230°C). Take the dough out of the fridge, then roll it out until it is ¼-inch (0.64 centimeters) thick and a little bit bigger than your pie dish.Turn the dough onto a well-floured surface and pat it into a 1-inch (2.54 centimeters) thick disk. Transfer the dough into the pie dish. Pierce the bottom of the crust several times with a fork, then bake the crust for 15 minutes at 450°F (230°C). Take the crust out of the oven, and set it aside to cool. Preheat your oven to 450°F (230°C).  , Put the tofu, pumpkin, sugar, salt, and spices in a blender. Blend the ingredients together until they are smooth. Pour the mixture into the baked pie crust. Bake the pie for 15 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350°F (175°C) and continue baking for another 40 minutes. Let the pie cool before serving it.Preheat your oven to 350°F (175°C). Put all of the ingredients into a blender or food processor. Blend the ingredients together until they are smooth. Pour the filling into the crust. Bake the pie for 55 to 60 minutes. Let the pie cool to room temperature, then chill it in the fridge for 3 to 4 hours before serving it.
Dehydration is common among people who exercise. You should steadily drink water before, during and after a workout to replace the water you have lost.   Other symptoms of dehydration include dry mouth, sticky mouth, thirst, decreased urine output, muscle weakness, dizziness and headaches. Stay hydrated by drinking at least 2 cups (473 ml) of water 1 to 2 hours before working out. Drink 2 more cups (473 ml) 20 to 30 minutes before you start exercising. During your workout, drink 1/2 cup (118 ml) of water for every 15 minutes you exercise.; , Gulping down large quantities of water can give you a relieved feeling; however, your body has a defense mechanism of causing vomiting if your stomach is too full. Drink water in steady sips during your workout.  One of the largest causes of workout sickness is low blood sugar. If your body has already used up its stores of calories you may start to sweat more than usual, feel dizzy, nauseated, and pass out. The best prevention is to ensure that you eat a meal of at least 300 calories, which includes protein and carbohydrates, before your workout.   If it is not possible for you to eat a meal a few hours before you workout, then eat a small carbohydrate-based snack, such as a banana, and drink a protein shake after your workout. Carbohydrates are the fuel that is used during aerobic activity. Protein helps to rebuild the muscles after your workout.  It is important to give your digestive system the time and energy to devote to digestion. If you do not, necessary fluids will be pulled away from your muscles and into your digestive tract.  Although fruit and sweet drinks have high levels of sugar, they can help to raise your blood sugar to safe levels and hydrate you.  Carbonation or even excessive shaking of a water bottle can increase the amount of gas in your stomach after you drink. Drinking from a glass produces less gas than drinking from a water bottle.  When you do abdominal crunches, floor exercise, yoga, pilates and weightlifting it is common for people to close their eyes and focus on the movement. Open your eyes and focus on the horizon so your body can better understand the movement, just as if you were motion sick in a car.  Controlling your breathing can help to lower your blood pressure. A sharp rise in blood pressure can create the feeling of nausea and induce vomiting.   High blood pressure is especially a problem among weight lifters. Lifting heavy weights can cause an extreme hike in blood pressure. It is important to breathe as you lift and avoid doing too much at once.  If you draw in a big breath and bend over, your stomach can get the feeling of being too full and induce vomiting. Squat instead of bending, if you are breathing heavily.  Overexertion often leads to exercise-induced vomiting. Prevent this by increasing your workouts incrementally, so that you stay between 70 and 85 percent of maximum heart rate.	Drink water regularly to replace the water lost during exercise. Never gulp water during exercise. Eat a meal 1 to 2 hours before you workout. Do not exercise immediately after you have eaten. Drink a power drink, like Gatorade, during your workout, if you are prone to low blood sugar. Avoid carbonated drinks before, during or after workouts. Don't close your eyes when you exercise. Breathe slowly and consistently during weight training. Reduce your bending. Reduce your workout intensity, if you are at maximum heart rate.
Set out the essentials of emergency medical information needed by medical personnel. Put the information in a place that is easily discovered when help arrives, such as a pocket card. In it you should list:   All medications including OTC preparations. This is very important. Some medications can drastically alter the course of your treatment. Make sure that this section is complete and accurate! Include names and dosages.Medical conditions, such as diabetes, heart conditions, etc. Doctor's information and emergency contacts. When they are contacted they should have ready access to specific information. Prior health history reasons for not using certain methods to assist you. Name, Age, & Gender. This may sound silly, but in the event of a serious trauma or burn injury, this might not be immediately evident. How to choose one treatment over another. This includes transplantations, pacemakers, internal implants, pregnancy, seizures, renal failure, etc. Medication allergies. If you're allergic to penicillin, etc. Past surgical history. Depending on the nature and time frame of the surgery, it may be important for the emergency doctors to know. Include your immunization history.  Allergies, sensitivities, dietary restrictions This is also very important, especially if these allergies include any drugs. Again, make sure that this section is complete and accurate!; , Include the doctor's name, address and any and all phone/fax numbers you have for him/her. Your doctor will expect that they will be contacted in such an event, but letting them know you have put this together is always a good idea.  Family members, doctor, etc. should be contacted if you need a transfusion, operation, etc. Emergency contact(s). Your spouse, sibling, parent, child, anyone whom you trust enough to be the first to know about your condition, since this will likely be the first person the ER contacts. Of course, be sure to let the person know they are on this list, and if possible, give them a copy of this information. Specifically note if this person is named in a Durable Power of Attorney or Advanced directives.    Advanced directives This is just as important for your loved ones as it is for you. This is a difficult issue for most people to deal with when they have all the time they need to think it over. It can be all but impossible to think clearly during medical emergencies. If your wishes are made clear to your family and kept in writing, it will make it easier for your family and your doctors. They will have your wishes well documented and can thus more reliably abide by them, and they will know your wishes ahead of time and will not have to decide for you in such a difficult time.  Although there isn't time to be reading your entire life story, details will be important.  After all, this information is of little use if doctors, paramedics, and EMTs don't have immediate access to it in the event of an emergency. Here are a number of ways to keep it close to you:  , Make it credit card or business card size, or fold it to fit. Put the file on a small jump drive or other data medium which is kept on your person. This may be more practical for the elderly or chronically ill, whose medical histories/information tends to be too extensive to fit a simple sheet of paper. In the latter case, just be aware, however, that fancy electronics aren't always going to be helpful when in the heat of the moment, or when being treated remotely, and having paper back-up makes good sense. Wherever your information is, it should be clearly labeled so that a first responder looking through your belongings for any vital information will see it in the hurried environment of a trauma or other medical emergency. If you make it brightly colored it will be easier to find. Add the emergency contact information to your cell phone or PDA cell phone by making a contact named "ICE" (In Case of Emergency) with the phone number of your contact. Both emergency responders and civilian good Samaritans who also have ICE entries in their phones will know to check your phone or PDA for this information. There are also products available which can carry or provide access to a database with your medical information. Such products may be easier for emergency personnel to identify. The LifeGuard30 device, for example, is clearly marked with the Rod of Asclepius (the universal symbol of the medical profession to indicate medical records are available) and attached to a keychain.  Ideally your vital information should be updated periodically. This means that you should update it after every doctor's visit. If you're keeping it on the computer, get into a regular habit of updating and printing off again when you return home or to the office after the visit. If you are using a paid service to update your information, follow their instructions on updating.  You are responsible for ensuring that all children in your care are adequately covered by this information. You might be too distressed, or even injured or unconscious yourself, to be able to speak for them in the case of an emergency.	Prepare a quick emergency medical information list in the way that will most maximize your chances of getting good treatment. Identify your primary care practitioner, or PCP. Where to turn should questions arise about your wishes. Keep the information list brief, but as detailed as possible. Keep the information on your person at all times. A simple way is to print out a page from on your home computer with all the necessary information and either:   Keep a print-out of the information in your wallet/purse. Keep the information list up-to-date. Consider ensuring that all family members have recorded their emergency medical information in the same way.
You should only treat the exteriors with products designed for leather shoes. This includes non-enzyme liquid soaps designed for leather products.You can use the same leather shoe cleaner you would use on other leather shoes to remove dirt and scuffs.If the insides of the slippers are leather, use the same process to clean the interior.  After cleaning them with a leather cleaner, let them sit for approximately five minutes. Then shine the slippers with a clean, soft, cotton cloth., To keep leather slippers soft and moisturized, apply a leather shoe conditioner after cleaning.The leather will absorb a natural conditioner easier than synthetic ones. Apply the conditioner as directed to help them age better., For fleece-lined slippers, use the same process as with fleece-lined suede slippers. Namely, baby wipes, which are low in moisture and contain a mild detergent.Use a couple of baby wipes to scrub out the inside of each slipper until the wipe is no longer discoloring from the grime.   You can alternatively use a mildly damp washcloth with just one or two drops of wool detergent or baby shampoo to scrub out the insides of the slippers. This method requires using a second damp washcloth to remove any excess soap afterward.  You don’t want to apply heat to leather slippers. You will need to give them time to air dry. As with the suede slippers, you can use a wad of newspaper inside the slipper to help draw the excess moisture out of the lining, which will hasten the drying process a bit.	Use a leather-safe soap. Shine them with a soft, cotton cloth. Apply a leather shoe conditioner. Use baby wipes to clean out the insides of the slippers. Allow the slippers to air dry.
Radiation therapy requires multiple visits, but the advantage is that it is not invasive like surgery (i.e. it does not require cutting into you to remove the cancer). There are two types of radiation that are commonly used to treat cervical cancer. The first is called external beam radiation therapy (EBRT), in which the radioactive beams are emitted from a source outside your body and directed toward your cervix and the surrounding area. The second type of radiation therapy is called brachytherapy — rods containing radiation are inserted through the vagina up against the cervix. They are then left there for one to two days and emit local radiation which works to treat the cervical cancer. This is done in the hospital.   Again, the extent of radiation as well as the effectiveness of this mode of treatment depends upon the stage and severity of your cervical cancer. Radiation treatment can have significant side effects. EBRT may cause fatigue, upset stomach, diarrhea, skin damage, bladder discomfort, vaginal pain, anemia, and menstrual changes (including early menopause). Brachytherapy may cause irritation of the vagina and vulva. Fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, irritation of the bladder, and low blood counts may also occur.Long-term effects of radiation treatment may include vaginal scarring, which may make vaginal sex painful. You may also experience vaginal dryness, swelling of the legs, and it may weaken your bones. Radiation is most commonly combined with chemotherapy. This is because, for cervical cancer, the combination of radiation and chemotherapy is synergistic and provides significant additional benefit (rather than simply opting for one or the other).  This can be a very effective mode of treatment, because the chemotherapy has what is called a "sensitizing effect" on the tissues on and around the cervix. What this means is that the tissues then become more susceptible to the radiation, and it is as such that the combined modality of treatment gains its synergistic effect.  Unfortunately, many of the most effective methods for treating cervical cancer can have deleterious effects on one's future ability to have children. As a result, your doctor may recommend that you freeze some of your eggs prior to undergoing treatment such as radiation, so that the eggs do not become damaged due to the treatment.   Most women will need to have a surrogate carry the pregnancy if they freeze their eggs.	Inquire about radiation.If you have later stage cancer or if surgery is not your preference and you have stage I cancer, talk to your doctor about radiation therapy. Undergo chemotherapy treatments.When chemotherapy is combined with radiation, as described above, it is termed "chemoradiation.", Understand that you may need to have some of your eggs frozen prior to treatment.
The  FOIL method helps you remember to first multiply the first terms, then the outer terms, then the inner terms, then the last terms. When dividing a fraction by a fraction, this should be your last step after cancelling terms in the numerator and denominator.For example, if you are simplifying the expression y(x+3)4yx−2{\displaystyle {\frac {\frac {y(x+3)}{4}}{\frac {y}{x-2}}}}, after taking the reciprocal and combining terms, you end up with the expression y(x+3)(x−2)4y{\displaystyle {\frac {y(x+3)(x-2)}{4y}}}. First, cancel the y{\displaystyle y} in the numerator and denominator, then multiply the binomials using the FOIL method:y(x+3)(x−2)4y{\displaystyle {\frac {{\cancel {y}}(x+3)(x-2)}{4{\cancel {y}}}}}(x+3)(x−2)4{\displaystyle {\frac {(x+3)(x-2)}{4}}}x2−2x+3x−64{\displaystyle {\frac {x^{2}-2x+3x-6}{4}}}x2+x−64{\displaystyle {\frac {x^{2}+x-6}{4}}}   , You can use the distributive property to factor out a term. This might help you cancel terms. Conversely, you can use the distributive property to multiply a term into a binomial when you are simplifying your expressionFor example, if you are simplifying the expression 2x+4y2yx{\displaystyle {\frac {\frac {2x+4}{y}}{\frac {2y}{x}}}}, after taking the reciprocal and combining terms, you end up with the expression x(2x+4)2y(y){\displaystyle {\frac {x(2x+4)}{2y(y)}}}. First, factor out a 2 from 2x+4{\displaystyle 2x+4}. Then you can cancel a 2 from the numerator and denominator. Then, simplify the expression by completing the multiplication:(x)(2)(x+2)2y(y){\displaystyle {\frac {(x)(2)(x+2)}{2y(y)}}}(x)(2)(x+2)2y(y){\displaystyle {\frac {(x){\cancel {(2)}}(x+2)}{{\cancel {2}}y(y)}}}(x)(x+2)y(y){\displaystyle {\frac {(x)(x+2)}{y(y)}}}(x2+2x)y2{\displaystyle {\frac {(x^{2}+2x)}{y^{2}}}}   , You will need to do this if the numerator or denominator of the complex fraction contains a whole number being added or subtracted to a fraction. Remember that to add or subtract fractions, the fractions need to have the same denominator. So, to turn a whole number in the top or bottom of a complex fraction into a fraction, multiply it by xx{\displaystyle {\frac {x}{x}}}, where x{\displaystyle x} is the denominator of the fraction it is being added to or subtracted from.For example, if you have 2+3y5y2{\displaystyle {\frac {2+{\frac {3}{y}}}{\frac {5}{y^{2}}}}}, you would change the 2 into a fraction by multiplying it by yy{\displaystyle {\frac {y}{y}}}:2+3y5y2{\displaystyle {\frac {2+{\frac {3}{y}}}{\frac {5}{y^{2}}}}}2yy+3y5y2{\displaystyle {\frac {{\frac {2y}{y}}+{\frac {3}{y}}}{\frac {5}{y^{2}}}}}2y+3y5y2{\displaystyle {\frac {\frac {2y+3}{y}}{\frac {5}{y^{2}}}}}2y+3y÷5y2{\displaystyle {\frac {2y+3}{y}}\div {\frac {5}{y^{2}}}}2y+3y×y25{\displaystyle {\frac {2y+3}{y}}\times {\frac {y^{2}}{5}}}y2(2y+3)5y{\displaystyle {\frac {y^{2}(2y+3)}{5y}}}y2(2y+3)5y{\displaystyle {\frac {y^{\cancel {2}}(2y+3)}{5{\cancel {y}}}}}y(2y+3)5{\displaystyle {\frac {y(2y+3)}{5}}}2y2+3y5{\displaystyle {\frac {2y^{2}+3y}{5}}}	Use the FOIL method to multiply binomials. Use the distributive property. Turn whole numbers into fractions.
Open a browser, and go the Facebook website at www.facebook.com.; , Sign in with your e-mail address (or username) and password on the fields provided at the upper-right side of the screen.  It’s the button sporting the padlock icon and is located on the top right of the Facebook page, right beside the arrow-down button.  A drop-down menu of options will appear after you click on the Privacy Shortcuts button. Scroll down and click on the option that says “How do I stop someone from bothering me?”  , As soon as you click on the "How do I stop someone from bothering me?" option, a text box will appear where you can type in the name of the person you want to block.   In lieu of a name, you can also enter his or her e-mail address.  This will confirm your choice and will block that person on your Facebook.   The person will not be notified that he or she has been blocked, and you will no longer receive updates about this person nor good tidings in your inbox from him or her.	Log into Facebook. Sign into your Facebook account. Click on the Privacy Shortcuts tab. Click on the third option. Enter the name of the friend you want blocked. Click on the “Block” button.
When a woman is entering and exiting the car, open the door for her. It shows you have manners and know how to treat a woman like a lady.; , It is also appropriate, in a safe place, to ask the lady to wait inside while you pull the car up for her.  This is respectful and caring to all and shows you are happy to be seen with your lady. It doesn't mean she can't open the door for herself. It shows pride and respect.  Make sure she and others are comfortable before taking your own seat. She will see the respect and feel cared for by someone who is interested in and willing to provide for and protect her.  A woman loves a nice dinner as well as a day spent together, catering to her preferences. Unless she says otherwise, it can be whatever she wants to do. It's not about you.  Always plan to pay, unless your date said in advance she wants to treat you to a special occasion.  Do not blow the horn. It's just annoying to all and disrespectful to her. What woman wants to come out the door, running to you, on demand?  ,, This is a sign of protection. , It makes her feel safe. A gentlemanly hug and "Thank you.", for the pleasant day or evening is a good parting gesture. Don't assume it is okay to plant a kiss on the first date or two. Ask, "Is it all right if I kiss you?"  , A woman loves to know that she's on your mind. Whether you say it, write it, or text it, take 3 minutes to let her know you're thinking about her. It will brighten her day and make her feel special.  Women are all different, but if you ask women what they enjoy doing, for most shopping is somewhere on the list. If you are at the mall with your woman, you should carry the bags. She shouldn't be struggling while you’re walking around, hands free.  -- but don't insist, if she objects.  Do not cheat or give any appearance of behavior that could be construed as disloyalty to a lady-friend, your date or to others.  It shows you are really interested and reliable, and respect her time.  Only make dates when you know for sure you are free to go out. If a true emergency arises that will prevent you from keeping the date, call as soon as possible. If you are unable to reach her by phone, text, e-mail, Facebook email -- do something to let her know you can't make it. Try to set up a follow-up date. This shows character.  Women can handle it. Give them some credit. Don't play games with her and have her thinking the relationship is something that it's not.  Let her know she looks nice. Most women are wired to want to feel beautiful, but not being told in an unrealistic way. Tell her in a courteous and sincere way.  Don't boss or attempt to control the woman. Do not be condescending, talking down, leading the woman to feel that she is not respected. It's never okay to disrespect anyone, but men are particularly to uphold and honor women. Never bad mouth or curse, call her names, deride her or roughly "put your hands on" her in private or in public. These behaviors reveal that you are weak, selfish and immature.  Be there for her when she needs you. Expect her to get nice compliments. And if anybody tries to hurt her, stand up for her and protect her. Don’t allow anybody, especially another man to disrespect her, call her names, touch her inappropriately, or such. Don't permit your children to speak disrespectfully of or to a lady or their mother (support your wife in disciplining the children and in arguments with your family).  When going to a formal occasion, you can try holding out your arm to give her something to hold onto. Historically, chivalry dictated that this was the non-dominant arm, as the other arm was used to fight off other males. However, use whichever arm is more natural in the situation.	Open the car door. If there will be a long walk in from the parking lot, offer to drop others off at the curb, park the car, and rejoin them. When entering and exiting a building, open and hold the door for others and let them enter first, and especially so with your lady. Pull out her chair at the table. Take her out on a date. Allow her to order first, but never to pay first. When picking her up for a date, get out of the car and knock on the door. If you are seated at her home, waiting for her to be ready to leave for a date, rise to your feet when she enters the room.  , When walking on a sidewalk, place yourself on the outside, closest to traffic or puddles. If she is cold, offer your coat or jacket.  , When dropping her off, walk her to the door. Send her flowers or write heartfelt, simple notes: send "thinking of you" in brief text messages, e-mails, or phone calls, rather than just popping up a week later for a date. When shopping, hold and carry the bags. If she's carrying something heavy, offer to help or say, "Let me get that for you.", Be loyal. Call when you say you will. Don't make promises you can't keep. If you don't think the two of you hit it off, let her know with courtesy and kindness, nicely. Compliment the woman. Don't disrespect the woman. Protect your woman at all costs. Escorting a woman is a bit of a lost art.
Set a total dollar amount that you and your partner are willing to spend. Be firm about sticking to that total amount (or go under it). You will inevitably find more fees and costs that you did not anticipate, so be sure to think through what you need to spend money on.   Aim to spend about half your budget on the venue, food and beverages. Periodically review your budget as you plan. Of course you want to stay firm to your budget. But planning a wedding will mean you will have to adjust as you find out more information as you go along. Some expenses may be more expensive, or some things less so, or maybe you get help from friends and parents. ; , There may be certain parts of your wedding that you feel you absolutely must have. You may be committed to a church wedding, for instance. Or you want your reception meal to be catered by your cousin. Talk with your partner to determine where you are both willing to compromise and where you are not going to bend., Are you financing the wedding yourselves, or will any family members be contributing to the overall budget? Many parents or other family members want to contribute money to a wedding. Determine who wants to give money and establish how much money it will be. Have a conversation about whether there are strings attached to accepting this money.   Some family members may want to chip in to pay for something specific, such as the photographer or the cake. This can be wonderful, but you can run into problems when everyone wants to dictate what you spend on certain aspects while often ignoring mundane expenses such as portable toilets for your wedding. Be sure to give your benefactors reasonable and realistic estimates for their contribution, and respects any limits. Your grandmother may not realize how expensive a high-quality wedding cake is, for instance.  Use a spreadsheet on your computer to make lists of different aspects of your wedding planning. This will make it easier to compare them for price and amenities, so you can see what the best deals are.This will also help you keep track of what to plan and when to complete tasks.	Make a budget and stick to it. Prioritize your "must-haves". Determine sources of funding. Make a comparison chart.
Make sure you have access to a garden hose that runs properly with fresh, lukewarm water. You should put the spray attachment on the hose so it is easy to use when you rinse and wash out the koi pond., Skimmer nets can be found at your local pet store or online. Look for a skimmer net that has a square end, as it will make it easier to push the net off the sides of the pond to pick up any debris. You can also use the skimmer net on a regular basis to maintain your koi pond and make sure the water stays clean., If you decide to remove your koi from the pond before you clean it, you will need a container that is large enough for the koi to hang out in while you do the pond cleaning. The container should be wide enough for your fish and deep enough for at least one foot of pond water., Dechlorinator will be used to remove the chlorine from the replacement tap water in the pond once it is clean. It is important that you dechlorinate the water before you put the koi back in the pond so the water is healthy for them., The vacuum will make it easier to remove leaves and sludge from the bottom of the pond. Pond vacuums can be found at your local pet store or online. If you do not have access to a pond vacuum, you can also use a shop vacuum, though it may not work as well.Keep in mind a complete clean of the pond could interfere with algae growth in the pond. But if your koi pond is really dirty from the winter or from poor maintenance, you may want to use a vacuum for a more thorough clean.  The best time to clean your koi pond is at the beginning of spring, when the pond has started to thaw from the winter. Try to plan for an annual pond clean at the beginning of spring when the weather starts to warm up, your koi become more active, and the water is not yet full of bacteria and algae.You can do a fall cleaning if you are not able to clean the pond during the spring. In the fall, your pond may become full of fallen leaves and debris as the trees change, so you may think about doing a clean. However, you should try to maintain the koi pond during the spring, summer, and fall so the once a year clean is easier to do., Get the pond ready for draining and washing by using the skimmer net to remove any debris on the pond’s surface. Try to scoop out all the leaves, branches, and twigs floating on the surface. This will make draining and cleaning the pond easier., You can use the pond pump to drain the water. Make sure you send the water into an area of your yard that has good drainage. Pumping out the water will make it easier to clean the sludge and debris at the bottom of the tank.As you pump out the water, make sure you leave about one foot of water at the bottom of the pond so your fish can swim around. You can then leave your koi in the pond as you wash the pond and clean out any debris. You may decide to leave the koi in the pond if your pond is large and you do not want to deal with taking out all the koi. If you decide to remove your koi from the pond, you should pump out about one foot of water into the holding container meant for your fish. This way, you can transfer the fish into the container in water that they are used to swimming in to avoid shocking them.  If you have a small koi pond and you want to give it a complete clean, you can remove your koi from the pond. This is a messy task, so you should wear old clothing and be prepared to get your hands dirty.Use the skimmer net to scoop the koi out and place them gently in the holding container of pond water. Once you have all the koi in the container, you should cover the container with netting or a breathable lid so the koi do not jump out.Place the container in a shaded area in your yard, away from sunlight. This will ensure the koi stay healthy and happy while you clean the pond.  You should give the pond pump a rinse with the pond water and run the filter through the pond water until it is clean if the pump is not self cleaning. Do not use tap water to clean the filter, as this can destroy the good bacteria in the filter.You should also take out all water accessories in the pond, like water plants or water features. You can then place the plants in a shaded area of your yard and cover them with newspaper to protect them. You should place underwater plants in a container of clean water. If you have any water features in your pond that are made of non-natural materials, such as plastic items, you can use a toothbrush to scrub and clean them so they are ready to go back into the pond once it is clean., Once you have emptied out the pond, you can take a one hour break and let the sun dry out any newly exposed algae in the pond. This will make it easier for you to get rid of debris and algae once you actually wash out the pond., Take out the water hose with the spray nozzle and blast away at the debris and sludge at the bottom of the pond. Make sure you keep the velvet type of algae lining the pond intact, as this is beneficial algae and should not be disturbed.Use the hose to wash any other attached features on the pond, such as a waterfall or rocks around the perimeter of the pond. Never use any chemicals to clean the pond, only water, as chemicals can introduce toxic substances into the pond environment. You can then use the pond vacuum to remove any sludge at the bottom of the pond that is hard to get out with the hose. You may come across very smelly goo, decomposed plants, or even a dead frog or fish. Remove it all so the pond is free of any bad bacteria or debris.  Once you have washed out the pond so it is free of debris and sludge, you should put the pond pump and the pond accessories back in the pond.If you have water plants, you may wait until you fill the pond with new water to place them back in the pond.  Use the garden hose to refill the pond. Usually, koi ponds are not very deep, around two to three feet deep.Once the pond is filled with new water, add the dechlorinator to the water to remove the chlorine in the water. Turn on the pond pump and allow the water to circulate in the pond for five to ten minutes.To avoid shocking your fish, you should dump some of the water from the holding container and replace it with the new pond water. Do this several times to allow your koi to get used to the new water. The fresh water will be colder than the water your fish are used to and exposing them to water can shock them., Once your koi have been given enough time to get used to the new pond water in the holding container, use the skimmer net to gently place the koi back in the clean pond.If you did not remove your koi from the pond, you can skip this step.	Put the spray attachment on your garden hose. Look for a skimmer net. Get a holding container large enough for the koi. Look for dechlorinator at your local pet store. Invest in a pond vacuum. Clean the pond in the spring. Scoop out debris on the surface of the pond. Drain the pond. Remove the koi if your pond is small. Take out the pond pump and any water accessories. Let the sun dry the empty pond for one hour. Use the hose and the vacuum to clean the pond. Put the pump and the accessories back in the pond. Refill the pond with water. Put the koi back in the pond.
It’s the purple or blue icon with a white gamepad illustration. You’ll find it on your home screen or in the app drawer.  It’s at the top-left corner of the screen.  This server should be the one that hosts the chat channel from which you want to delete a message. , It’s at the top-right corner of the screen. A pop-up will appear. , This searches the channel for messages you’ve sent.  It will now open in a window called “Preview Chat.”  , It’s at the bottom of the screen. , A pop-up will appear.  This message will now be removed from the channel.	Open Discord. Tap ☰. Select a server. Select the channel.  , Tap ⁝. Tap Search.  , Type your own username and tap the magnifying glass. Tap the message you want to delete. Tap Jump to Chat. Scroll up to the message you want to delete.  , Tap and hold the message. Tap Delete.
You want to start preparing for the shedding process before it even begins. To do so, you'll have to keep an eye on your snake and watch for the signs that it is about to shed. When you start noticing signs, begin to prepare.Watch your snake's eyes. They will have a dull, blueish white appearance just before the snake begins to shed. You should also take note of the snake's current skin. The skin will begin to dull just before shedding.; , Snakes need a lot of humidity to shed properly. One way you can increase the humidity in your snake's environment is with a shedding box. Take a box, like a shoebox, and make sure it is well ventilated by poking holes throughout. Place damp paper towels within the box, allowing the snake a damp place to shed., You can also try misting the cage lightly to increase humidity. Take a spray bottle and fill it with lukewarm water. You can also mist your snake with water just before shedding, if your snake will allow this., Monitor the humidity in your snake's environment. You can get a device at a pet store, or a department store, that measures humidity in your snake's cage. During the shedding process, snakes need a cage that is between 50 and 70% humidity.If the humidity in your snake's cage is below this level, there are several steps you can take to improve humidity.Add a large water dish to the cage. Cover the top of the cage. If you have a screen top on the cage, you can safely cover half the top to increase humidity. Try using orchid bark substrate, which refers to the bedding that lines the bottom of the cage. Orchid bark tends to hold more humidity than other products.  When your snake begins shedding, you'll notice flakes of skin beginning to come off. During this time, add a warm basin of water to your snake's cage. You can help your snake shed by placing a basin of warm water inside its enclosure. Your snake will be able to bath in the water, allowing its skin to come off more easily.Pick a basin that is big enough to hold your snake's entire body. Add enough water that your snake can get its entire body wet. However, do not add so much water that your snake will be submerged under water when it enters the basin.  Snakes can also rub skin off by crawling over coarse material. Uneven materials, like tree branches and stones, can be very helpful to shedding snakes. You can also use patches of tree bark, pine cones, and other coarse materials you find outside.If your snake is rubbing its nose against objects in the cage, it is trying to get its skin off during the shedding process. If you notice your snake doing this, it is particularly important that you add coarse materials to your snake's cage.  If your snake is struggling to shed on its own, you may have to assist. Get several layers of paper towels damp. Then, remove your snake from its shed and place it between the towels. Allow your snake to crawl and squirm between the towels. The combination of humidity and friction should help remove excess skin., After your snake completes shedding, you will notice excess skin throughout the cage. Skin may appear in small, crumpled piles. It may also be in dry and tube like sections throughout the cage. Remove any excess skin from the cage after your snake finishes shedding.Snakes frequently defecate after the shedding process. Use gloves when cleaning the cage, as you may have to pick up fecal matter as well.  Snakes often consume large quantities of water after shedding. Keep an eye on your snake's water dish. Make sure you refill it frequently after your snake finishes shedding. It is not unusual that you will find yourself refilling the water dish more than usual in the days following a shed., Despite your best efforts, your snake may not shed completely. If your snake does not finish shedding within one to two weeks, see a vet. A veterinarian can help remove the remaining skin and examine your snake. Usually, shedding problems are caused by a lack of humidity, but you'll want an exam to rule out any possible underlying health problems.Never try to peel off excess skin yourself, especially not skin around a snake's eyes or mouth.  Stress is a possible cause for improper shedding. If your snake did not shed correctly, work on improving your snake's stress level. Make sure the snake has a quality environment, and limit handling your snake.Keep the humidity level comfortable. You should also make sure your snake has a lot of hiding places in its cage. Snakes are solitary pets, and crave alone time. Keep boxes and enclosures in your snake's cage so it can get alone time. Do not handle your snake too frequently. Snakes may dislike being handled and, if handled too much, a snake may learn to think of you as a predator. Do not handle your snake for more than 30 minutes at a time, and only do so a few times per week.  Regular veterinary visits can help a snake shed smoothly in the future. In rare cases, difficulty shedding is caused by a medical concern. If you take your snake in for regular checkups, a vet can diagnose and correct issues before they lead to problems shedding.	Learn the signs your snake is about to shed. Create a moist shedding box. Mist the cage with lukewarm water. Manage the cage's humidity. Place a basin of warm water in your snake's aquarium. Add coarse materials to the snake's container. Put your snake between several layers of paper towels. Clean the cage after shedding. Provide extra water. See a vet in the event of an incomplete shedding. Foster a stress free environment. Make sure to see your vet regularly.
Decide the maximum amount of time you are willing to work in a week. It is suggested to set something like 4 days a week. You might be ambitious and shoot for 3 days, or even less. Or you might go for 5 days a week, 6 hours each day instead of 8 hours. Whatever seems ideal to you, go for it!; , If you have less time to do your work, how do you get that done? You have two choices: 1) work faster; or 2) do less work. It is recommended to take the second option. You need to determine what exactly you really need to accomplish within the limits you’ve set for yourself. If you cut your work week by 20%, for example, you need to cut out 20% of your work. That means identifying what must be done, and what can be put off. Make a short list. Do what must be done first, and don’t muck around.  If you have a short list of your essential tasks, take a look at what’s not essential. Is there any way to eliminate it? Delegate it? Outsource it? Delay it? Think hard about this, because if you can somehow eliminate 20% of your list, you’ve made huge strides to meeting your self-set limits.  If there’s something you do every day, consider batching it all into one day. For example, you can write all your invoices at once instead of doing them every day. It saves time. You could do that with almost anything. Same thing goes for something you do throughout the day, like email or phone calls. Consider batching tasks like that into one session per day.  If you have a big cut in work hours as your goal, you might not be able to accomplish it all at once. Go for a gradual change. First, set a smaller limit (maybe 1 hour less per day, for example, or only a half day on Fridays). Focus on making that first stage work, and when you’ve got that down, make further cuts. Keep doing this until you get to where you ultimately want to be.  Setting limits on your work isn’t going to work if you don’t know what you want to do with that extra time. Decide on working 1 hour less each day? What are you going to do with that hour? It can be anything: fun projects, creating a side business, spending time with loved ones, reading, exercising, going to the beach, whatever. But set aside that block (or blocks) of time for something, and be sure to do it.  Whether it’s email, phone, IM, Skype, Twitter or whatever, you can fill your work day with communication tasks. It will fill the time allotted to it. Instead, allot a small amount of time for each vital communication method (30 minutes for IM, 30 minutes for phone, 1 hour for email, or whatever) and don’t allow anything outside of that limit.   How to Stop Spending Too Much Time Online How to Defeat a MySpace Addiction How to Quit Facebook	Set your limit. Identify the essential. Eliminate the rest. Batch. Do it in stages. Decide what to do with excess time. Watch communication tasks.
Honey has antibacterial and antiseptic properties.It can help heal a scratch and keep it from getting infected. Use a clean finger, flat wooden spreader, or cotton swab to apply a thin layer of honey on the scratch.Honey also helps keep the scratch moist so it can heal the injured skin.  Chamomile has healing properties. It is antibiotic and antiseptic.Make a compress by soaking a clean cloth in tea and placing it on the scratch. You can also place chamomile tea bags directly onto the scratch., Aloe vera is used to treat burns, cuts, and scrapes because of its healing properties. You can try an ointment that contains aloe vera, but if you want to completely natural remedy, cut a piece of aloe off an aloe plant. Slide the inside of the aloe vera plant over your scratch., You can try different essential oils to help heal your scratches. Just mix a few drops of the essential oil of your choice with a carrier oil, like olive or almond oil.   Lavender has antibacterial and antiseptic properties and can help disinfect the wound.Eucalyptus oil has antimicrobial effects.Clove and rosemary oils also have antibacterial properties.You can also use chamomile essential oil.  Tea tree oil is an essential oil that is antimicrobial and has antibacterial properties. To use it for your scratch, place two drops of oil in a cup of warm water. Soak a cotton ball on the solution and wipe it over the scratch.Because it is so strong, it needs to be diluted with water when used on a scratch.	Use honey. Try a chamomile compress. Use aloe vera. Try an essential oil. Make a tea tree oil compress.
Camping means killing without being tracked down. That being said, you should equip your player with stealth perks in order to be an effective camper. Here are some of the most effective perks for camping:  Off the Grid. This perk makes you invisible to enemy SAT-COMs. This will make your location hidden even if they deploy SAT-COMs (which is supposed to give away your location on the radar).        Ghost is also a vital perk to be equipped, since it removes your name when an enemy’s crosshair passes you by.       After killing an unsuspecting enemy, their location will automatically show on the map. However, if you have the Takedown perk equipped, killing enemies will not reveal their death skull icons on the opposing team’s mini-map.      ; , Camping is usually associated with snipers. That is appropriate, as they are known for being stealthy assassins from afar. But how about stealthy “ninja” assassins? They operate at close distances and can also effectively kill by camping.  For a sniper class, make sure to equip the stealth perks mentioned so you will kill lots of enemies while staying hidden on the map.       For “ninja” campers, it is advisable to use a combination of Speed and Stealth perks. Make sure you have Stalker and Agility equipped for speed and Off the Grid and Dead Silence for stealth perks.  Most of the maps in CoD Ghosts include debris and a lot of collapsible structures. Take advantage of those terrains to find your “sweet spot”. This is where you will hide from the enemy and shoot only once an enemy is in sight.  Hiding in the shadows is one effective way of camping. Usually you will do this in dark corners inside structures. Once an enemy passes you by, sneak from behind and go for the kill.       Go to high places, especially if you are a sniper. You will have a good vantage point from above and with this wide view, you can simply target moving enemies on the ground.       After you familiarize yourself with the maps, you will then notice the usual passage points of your enemies. Knowing these passages will make your camping easier. Just camp in an intersection and wait for the unsuspecting enemies to pass by.  Since there are a few variations on camping, it is important for you to know which weapon is suited for your chosen camper type.  For snipers, obviously, sniper rifles are the way to go. Using the L115 seems to be a good option since it is capable of single fatal shot, depending on the distance.       For non-sniper campers, most of the agile ones use shotguns for those instant kills in close combat. The more experienced ones just use a pistol or knife to further improve their speed and agility on ground combat.  While camping, you are immobile. These means that most of the time you are just steady in one location, patiently waiting for an enemy to pass your way. While doing so, using the right Lethals and Tacticals will surely protect you from unwanted attacks and threats.  I.E.D. is one type of lethal equipment that functions just like a claymore from previous COD games...only, it sticks anywhere (like C4) and explodes upon enemy contact. This can protect your back while you are focused in another direction.       Trophy System, on the other hand, is a type of tactical equipment that protects you from grenades and other throwable threats. It instantaneously destroys the first 2 enemy projectiles before self-destructing.  As a camper, it is likely that you will land numerous numbers of kills. With this, you must be able to plan what kill streak rewards you would like to use to benefit your camping.  Guard Dogs are super effective in protecting you from enemies that are outside your peripheral vision. Dogs attack nearby enemies (even the ones that are hiding or camping).       I.M.S., just like I.E.D.’s, can be placed behind you so that you are safe from sneak attacks from the enemy. Unlike I.E.D.’s, I.M.S.'s can kill enemies multiple times as long as it is not destroyed.  Although you are technically invisible on the map, you will still be shown on the enemies’ radar once you land a kill. Though camping may involve staying in one location, make sure to move once in a while to confuse the enemies as to where the kills are coming from.	Choose the right perks. Choose an appropriate class. Find your sweet spot. Choose the right weapon. Use tacticals and lethals. Plan your kill streaks. Kill and move.
