The 27-year-old from Lowestoft dislocated his shoulder against Ruslan Schelev in Germany in July 2015. "I've had two years of hellacious rehab," Ogogo told BBC Radio Suffolk. "It's been heartbreaking at times. "I 100% believe I'm going to get what I want out of boxing," he continued. "And that's to become a world champion." The London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist was returning from a previous injury when he suffered the setback in the second round against Schelev. "I boxed four and a half rounds with a dislocated arm, won the fight, dug in, but I didn't learn much from it," Ogogo continued. "It was just about proving to myself I had the minerals to stay in there despite the pain." The Suffolk boxer is due to make his comeback on 28 May in Glasgow on the Ricky Burns v Michele Di Rocco undercard, where he will hope to improve on his record of eight professional fights unbeaten. "If any guy is going to fight me, it's best to fight me now," said Ogogo. "My right shoulder is probably at about 80-85% compared to where it was prior to the dislocation. "I've got the speed back but my right arm is only going to get bigger and stronger. "It's frightening how much better I can get. British boxing is on the crest of a wave at the moment. "I feel like I've sat on the outskirts looking in, so I'm glad I can finally get stuck in myself."	British middleweight Anthony Ogogo says he believes he can fulfil his ambition of becoming world champion after nearly a year out from boxing.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest living structure, and is home to thousands of plants and animals - it is so big it can even be seen from space. Divers have found that an increase in the sea's temperature has been putting the coral which grows there under a lot of stress causing 'bleaching', which means a loss of colour. Many types of coral have a special relationship with tiny algae that live in the coral. These tiny algae produce about 90% of the food the coral needs to grow, and give them their bright colours. Bleaching happens when sea temperatures get too high or low, causing the algae to get 'stressed out' and leave the coral. This turn the coral white and leaves it very vulnerable. An increase of just one degree Celsius for four weeks can cause bleaching. If this continues for more than eight weeks, the coral can die. In 2002 the surface temperature of the sea water in the Great Barrier Reef increased by around 2-3 degrees causing one of the worst bleaching incidents on record, affecting more than 60% of the coral. While some coral reefs can recover from bleaching in a few years, others don't recover at all. The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority have now raised the bleaching threat level, and have said that there is a very high risk of mass coral bleaching this month. The Australian government said it is working closely with the marine rangers to help keep an eye on the coral for the next few months to see how it is doing.	Authorities in Australia have raised the threat level for coral 'bleaching' in the Great Barrier Reef, after divers found that lots of coral had died.
Defender Raggett, who arrived from Dover during the summer, headed home Alex Woodyard's left-wing cross as the Imps raced into a sixth-minute lead at Sincil Bank. City goalkeeper Paul Farman denied Ryan Bowman from point-blank range to preserve the advantage. Nathan Arnold doubled the lead, finishing neatly past keeper Sam Johnson after being played through on goal by Woodyard five minutes into the second period. Striker Adam Marriott blasted home left-footed to seal a convincing victory seven minutes from time, leaving Gateshead without a win in three. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Lincoln City 3, Gateshead 0. Second Half ends, Lincoln City 3, Gateshead 0. Manny Smith (Gateshead) is shown the yellow card. Terry Hawkridge (Lincoln City) is shown the yellow card. Substitution, Lincoln City. Alan Power replaces Adam Marriott. Goal!  Lincoln City 3, Gateshead 0. Adam Marriott (Lincoln City). Substitution, Lincoln City. Terry Hawkridge replaces Nathan Arnold. Substitution, Gateshead. Sam Jones replaces Danny Johnson. Substitution, Lincoln City. Jonathon Margetts replaces Matt Rhead. Substitution, Gateshead. Reece Styche replaces Ryan Bowman. Substitution, Gateshead. Toby Ajala replaces George Smith. George Smith (Gateshead) is shown the yellow card. Goal!  Lincoln City 2, Gateshead 0. Nathan Arnold (Lincoln City). Second Half begins Lincoln City 1, Gateshead 0. First Half ends, Lincoln City 1, Gateshead 0. Goal!  Lincoln City 1, Gateshead 0. Sean Raggett (Lincoln City). First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.	Sean Raggett scored his first Lincoln goal as they beat Gateshead to record a third successive National League win.
The former Netherlands coach takes over a day after the sacking of Gus Poyet with the Black Cats one point above the Premier League relegation zone. "We have one aim only now - to climb the table - and everyone is fully focused on the task ahead of us," said Sunderland chairman Ellis Short. Advocaat, 67, said: "I can't wait to get started." Media playback is not supported on this device Poyet was sacked after a run of just one victory in 12 league games, which left Sunderland 17th in the Premier League and one point above the relegation zone. They were thrashed 4-0 at home by relegation rivals Aston Villa in Poyet's last match and Advocaat's reign will get under way with a game at West Ham on Saturday. "Sunderland is a big club and I am very much looking forward to the challenge ahead," said the Dutchman, who becomes the oldest manager currently in the top flight. "We must now concentrate on Saturday as a priority." Zeljko Petrovic will be Advocaat's first-team coach, while former Swansea and England Under-20 goalkeeping coach Adrian Tucker will be part of his backroom staff. Sunderland academy coach Paul Bracewell will also support the head coach and his backroom team for the final nine games of the season. Dick Advocaat has never managed in the Premier League but was in charge of Scottish club Rangers between 1998 and 2002. He won the league title and cup double twice at Ibrox, while he also has league titles with PSV Eindhoven in his homeland as well as Zenit St Petersburg in Russia. The Dutchman also led Zenit to victory over Rangers in the 2008 Uefa Cup final - now known as the Europa League - while his side also beat Manchester United in the Uefa Super Cup later that year. Internationally, he has coached the Netherlands twice and also managed United Arab Emirates, South Korea, Belgium, Russia and Serbia. He quit as Serbia coach in November, a day after a 3-1 Euro 2016 qualifying defeat against Denmark left them joint bottom of Group I. Advocaat was just four months into a two-year contract after replacing Sinisa Mihajlovic and had been in charge for three games. Defender Arthur Numan played under Advocaat for Netherlands, Rangers and PSV Eindhoven. "He always said that it was his dream to become a coach in England," Numan told BBC Radio 5 live. "I think he is the kind of coach Sunderland needs. He's a coach with a lot of experience. "It's a challenge to keep them in the Premier League. Maybe, if that is possible, he will stay maybe for another year, or another two years. "The moment he arrives in England, the players will notice he's around. He eats, drinks and sleeps football 24/7, so he is devoted. "I think the press are going to love him as well because he is outspoken, he has an opinion about football." "It's a strange appointment. He's extremely strict in what he does but I really don't think he has got the time to instil anything like that on the players to change the results," former Rangers defender Colin Hendry told BBC Radio 5 live. "He can walk away as a success by keeping them up or he might get a longer contract. Or they might be relegated and it wasn't his fault anyway. It's a no-lose situation for Dick Advocaat." "Would suggest Advocaat's record is 'credible' rather than incredible. He's never been required to perform a late season fire-fighting role, though." Oliver Kay, chief football correspondent for The Times "A coach with no experience of English football faces a daunting run-in, including away games at West Ham United, Arsenal, Stoke City, Everton and Chelsea." Henry Winter, Daily Telegraph football correspondent	Sunderland have appointed Dick Advocaat as their new manager until the end of the season.
Uefa officials have rejected Jersey's application to become a member nation, on the grounds that the island is not recognised as an independent state. But the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) will rule on the matter in June. "We accept that Germany and England probably don't want to play us," Austin told BBC Radio Jersey. "But why shouldn't we be in 'division two' playing against Gibraltar, Malta, Andorra and Liechtenstein? "Our own view is that Uefa probably should divide itself in two and have a second division, if you like, for the smaller nations. "And if we made progress and came top of that group, then we'd move up a little bit. "So we understand the position of some of the big guys, but we don't see that as an excuse to keep us out of the whole programme." Jersey, with a population of around 100,000, want to be recognised as an international side in their own right, but are currently classed as a county by the English Football Association.	Uefa should create a second tier for national football teams which Jersey could compete in, the president of the Jersey FA, Phil Austin, has suggested.
They also met with a number of MLAs from Sinn Féin and the Alliance Party. They said they wanted to outline their "disappointment and anger caused by a series of divisive and insulting comments about the language". DUP MLA Gregory Campbell caused controversy recently after the 'curry my yoghurt' incident. Janet Muller, from the Irish language umbrella advocacy group, POBAL and Linda Ervine from the East Belfast Irish language learners' project, Turas, said the comments "should be unacceptable anywhere, but especially in a political assembly". "We call for the introduction of a rights-based Irish language act to defend and promote Irish, as was promised in the St Andrews Agreement," they said. The Sinn Féin delegation who met the groups included Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness, Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín, and assembly member Máirtín Ó Muilleoir. Chris Lyttle and Trevor Lunn from the Alliance Party also met the group. Mr Lyttle said it was "frustrating that the DUP have mocked the Irish language in such an inappropriate way and have refused to apologise despite it being clear that many people have been offended". "We should be respectful of our linguistic diversity and allow the promotion of all our languages in a shared society," he said.	Two Irish language groups have presented a joint letter to the Stormont parties calling for fair treatment and respect for the language.
England international Wilshere, 24, is ineligible for Sunday's Premier League game against his parent club. But Arter, who made his competitive Republic of Ireland debut earlier this month, is confident Bournemouth can raise their game without him. "With some hard work and a bit of luck, we can pick something up," he said. Arter labelled Arsenal the best side Bournemouth faced last season, but following a first Premier League away win of the season for the Cherries at Stoke on Saturday, the 26-year-old says confidence is high. "I think these kind of clubs [Arsenal] always have the pressure on them," he told BBC Radio Solent. "The fans will be expecting them to beat us. "If we can stay in the game and get a break, I'm sure it will get a bit nervy at their end and that's when we feel we can hurt them." Arter and Wilshere have struck up a partnership in Bournemouth's midfield since the latter's arrival on the south coast on a season-long loan to gain more game time and fitness. His presence on the pitch and the training ground has "lifted the standard" for others, according to the former Woking player. "He's an unbelievable player," Arter added. "He's probably one of England's most talented players, and one of our most talented players in the squad without a shadow of a doubt. "I can't pinpoint one thing I've learned from him. But his all-round game can take not just myself, but everyone on to the next level. "He's getting fitter and that can only be good for England and also ourselves."	Harry Arter believes Bournemouth will have no pressure on them when they face Arsenal, even without the services of on-loan midfielder Jack Wilshere.
But the day's racing was marred by a fatal accident during the second Supersport race at the Dundrod circuit. The name of the killed rider was not revealed but event organisers said his family had asked that the remainder of the event continue as planned. Fermanagh's Lee Johnston won three races but victory in the curtailed feature event went to Anstey. With the race being stopped before the seventh and final lap because of an accident on the 7.4-mile road circuit, the organisers decided the standings at the end of the fourth lap should count as the result. There had been some dispute over the decision to give the victory to Anstey. Runner-up Ian Hutchinson, who had been leading at the end of the fifth lap, felt he had been hard done by. "I genuinely feel like I won the race," said the Yorkshire man, 35. "It could not go back to lap four because that is not two-thirds distance. "I planned my race to be leading at the first point where a result could be declared in the event of the race being stopped." The race organisers indicated they could not take the standings after the fifth lap because some riders had not completed it when the red flags went up. Anstey's victory came two days after he had won the Superbike race at the Dundrod 150. In the rest of Saturday's programme, Lee Johnston won three of the other six races. The 26-year-old from Maguiresbridge landed his maiden UGP victory in the opening Superstock event, beating early race leader Peter Hickman. Johnston, on an East Coast Racing BMW, beat Ian Hutchinson's 2010 lap record by posting an average of 132.793mph on his final circuit. He then beat William Dunlop after a thrilling duel in the Supersport event. Riding a Triumph machine, Johnston achieved another lap record with an average speed of 128.913mph. Dunlop had to be content with his 12th Ulster GP podium while British Supersport star Glenn Irwin finished in third place. "It was a great battle with William. He is a big name in the sport so I suppose it shows how far we have come in the last few years," said Johnston, now based in Great Hatfield near Hull. Johnston later won a curtailed Supersport Race Two, heading the standings after three laps, with Irwin in second place and Hutchinson third. Peter Hickman led from  start to finish to win the second Superbike race. The Isle of Man's Conor Cummins snatched second place ahead of Michael Dunlop after a late charge. Cullybackey's Sam Wilson won the lightweight race, with Neil Kernohan in second place. The Supertwins race was won by Mullingar rider Derek McGee.	New Zealand's Bruce Anstey was declared winner of a controversial Superbike race at the Ulster Grand Prix.
European football's governing body said in January that the Turkish champions had broken regulations on the level of financial losses allowed. A ban has now been imposed after Galatasaray failed to comply with financial fair play settlement terms. The Istanbul club is currently fifth in Turkey's Super League. Finishing in that position would leave Galatasaray outside the qualifying places for next season's Champions League and Europa League. The 2000 Uefa Cup winners have played in the Champions League for the past four seasons, going out at the group stage of this season's competition. They dropped into the Europa League but lost to Lazio at the last-32 stage. Galatasaray official Iskender Baydar said that club directors are "examining the text of the decision" and will issue a statement later.	Galatasaray have been suspended from European competition for two years for breaching financial fair play rules, Uefa has confirmed.
Trenton Mays, 17, and Ma'lik Richmond, 16, are charged as juveniles in the incident in Steubenville after an alcohol-fuelled party on 11 August. Prosecutors said the accused had known the girl was too impaired to consent, but the defence denied she was raped. If convicted, the accused could be held in a juvenile jail until they turn 21. The case, which spread from social media to the national mainstream media, has sharply divided the small town. The alleged victim and two other witnesses from her home state of West Virginia are expected to be called to testify, a defence official said on the eve of the trial. On Wednesday, prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter told Judge Thomas Lipps, who is hearing the case without a jury, that the girl was "somebody who was too impaired to say no, somebody who was too impaired to say stop". "This case hinges on their exploitation of their knowledge of that impairment." She argued that the defendants were aware of the 16-year-old's state and took advantage of it throughout the evening of the alleged attack. A defence lawyer for Trenton Mays said his client "did not rape the young lady in question". Mr Richmond's lawyer made no opening statement. Mr Mays, the team quarterback, and Mr Richmond, a wide receiver, were arrested some 10 days after the alleged attack. Prosecutors say the girl was attacked twice after the party while intoxicated beyond the point of consent, first in the back seat of a moving car and then in the basement of a house. Witnesses said the girl was so drunk that she vomited at least twice and had trouble walking and speaking. In an excerpt of a videotaped interview with the ABC News programme 20/20, Mr Richmond said the photo of the girl being carried out of a house by him and his co-accused was a joke. He contends the girl was awake. But the alleged victim's civil lawyer, Bob Fitzsimmons, said those claims were "bizarre". "The family wants this matter over so they can move on with their lives and their daughter's healing," he told the Associated Press. Three other students who witnessed the alleged attack were not charged. Those witnesses include two who took a video and photograph, then deleted the images. The Ohio attorney general's office told lawyers for those students last autumn that if the images had been found, they would have been charged. The case, which has fiercely divided the town, was thrust into the national spotlight amid interest by bloggers and the hacker activist group Anonymous. A video originally posted on YouTube emerged in August of a student joking about the alleged rape and referring to the girl as "dead". Some claimed that the community had sought to cover up a crime in order protect the two accused. A blogger, Alexandra Goddard, received threats after she named the alleged attackers, posting messages on Twitter and an image taken on the night of the incident. Steubenville officials say outsiders have unfairly criticised the police's handling of the case. They have created a website, attempting to refute a number of allegations, including that the local police department was full of ex-football players who played on the Steubenville high school team.	Opening statements have been heard in the trial of two Ohio high-school footballers accused of raping a 16-year-old girl.
Connor Sparrowhawk, 18, drowned in the bath after an epileptic seizure at Slade House, in Headington, Oxfordshire, in July 2013. Nurse Winnie Betsva told Connor's mother at the inquest into his death: "I am so sorry that I failed Connor." She admitted a lack of experience of doing care plans for people with epilepsy. The nurse agreed to complete the plan five days after Connor was admitted. When asked by Paul Bowen, representing the family, "did you carry out a risk assessment in relation to Connor's epilepsy and bathing arrangements?", she replied "no". At the inquest, she asked to address Connor's mother and said: "I am so sorry Sara that I failed Connor and on behalf of your family I failed your family. "I take full responsibility for failing Connor with his epilepsy care plan." Jurors also heard about an incident on 20 May, 2013, where Connor was found to have bitten his tongue. Following this Ms Betsva was instructed to create an epilepsy management plan but said she "forgot". The inquest previously heard Connor was to be woken early on the morning of 4 July, 2013, to be taken on a bus trip. But he was discovered submerged and unresponsive in a bath shortly after 09:00. Staff called an ambulance but he died later in hospital. Pathologist Dr Ben Phillips said his death was likely to have been caused by an epileptic seizure. An independent report commissioned by Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust into the death found that the level of bath time observation failed to safeguard Connor. The inquest continues is expected to last two weeks.	A nurse has apologised for failing the family of a teenager with learning disabilities who died at an NHS unit.
Newmarket FC player Shaun Whiter, 27, had the amputations following the crash in Newmarket, on 1 July. Jan Adamec, 40, of Shetland Road, Haverhill, has been charged with two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He remains in custody and will appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on Monday. Mr Whiter's friend, Joey Abbs, who plays for Soham Town Rangers, was also "seriously injured" in the crash, police said. At the time of the accident, Mr Abbs' Vauxhall Astra had a flat tyre and Mr Whiter, an estate agent in Stansted, had pulled over to help.	A man has been charged in connection with a crash which led to a footballer losing both of his legs.
World champions Adam Peaty and James Guy, and Commonwealth gold medallist Jazz Carlin, are among those expected to challenge for honours. However, the squad will continue intense training throughout the event. "It's all about reaching peak performance in Rio," Peaty told BBC Sport. "If you want the greatest return at the Olympics, then you have to make sacrifices, which could be medals [at the Euros], so it's a stepping stone to Rio." The 100m breaststroke world record holder continued: "Some countries will be fast as they're using the event for Olympic trials, but Britain is never a country to let others just have it, so we'll fight as hard as possible to medal." As well as the established names - including soon-to-be three-time Olympians Francesca Halsall, Hannah Miley and Robbie Renwick - the team also features GB debutants Chloe Tutton, Tim Shuttleworth and Max Litchfield. The trio were among those to impress at last month's British Olympic trials in Glasgow. "Athletes have done a good job to make the team, but the challenge for everyone is to move our performances on between now and the summer," said GB performance director Chris Spice. Halsall herself failed to hit the automatic qualification mark at the event, but was within the 2% secondary standard margin, which saw her earn a Team GB call-up. "I put a lot of pressure on myself and when I try too hard to swim fast, I don't," she said. "We know we're not going to be at around 100% best because we're not rested, but we all want to enjoy it and that means swimming well, and I'm feeling in a good place now." In addition to the British Olympic swimming squad, GB have also named 16 development swimmers who will compete in the event. The teams are being kept apart, with the hope that the younger athletes will use the experience to help boost their chances of reaching the 2020 Tokyo Games.	Britain's 26-strong Olympic squad will use this week's European Championships in London to fine-tune their preparations for Rio 2016.
Scotland Women are preparing to play in the Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands but the players had refused to take part in media or promotional work. A players' statement issued via PFA Scotland called it a "historic moment" on the way to "achieving equality". The SFA said the agreement "contains commercial and operational elements". The players' union statement said it was the first collective agreement between the women's national team and the SFA and was a "major step" towards parity with the men's game. "As a team, and individuals, we are looking forward to working closely with the SFA to promote and develop women's football in Scotland and ensure we are all moving in the same direction," it said. "The players fully accept we have a responsibility to perform to our best for our country on the pitch, but also to be the best role models we can off it. "For many years we have worked hard to do so, especially at grassroots level where we are honoured to be asked to engage with young female players at every age and stage of the footballing pathway. "We want to create a legacy to hand on to the next generation of female players and ensure there is a full and proper commitment by the governing body to promoting the women's game at grassroots and national level." Media playback is not supported on this device Scotland's female players, just like their male counterparts, do not receive a match fee. However, the home-based players receive a bursary to cover loss of earnings when they are preparing for the Euro finals. The players also receive daily allowances while they are with the national team. The SFA indicated that the "international player agreement" affected the forthcoming Euro 2017 finals and the 2019 World Cup qualifiers. The SFA statement said: "We are delighted that under head coach Anna Signeul the Scotland Women's National Team (SWNT) have qualified for their first ever major tournament finals. "Since qualification was achieved, our priority has always been to ensure that the SWNT are fully prepared for next month's Uefa Women's Euro 2017 in the Netherlands. To this end, we have invested significantly into tournament preparation, including overseas trips and training camps. "We look forward to supporting the SWNT in the Netherlands this summer and to using the team's participation in the Uefa Women's Championships 2017 as a springboard to generating increased interest in girls' and women's football in Scotland from players, coaches, sponsors and, of course, fans."	The Scottish Football Association and the Scotland Women's national team have resolved their dispute over financial, commercial and equality matters.
Lab tests in mice by the team from Weill Cornell Medical College revealed a toxin made by a rare strain of Clostridium perfringens caused MS-like damage in the brain. And earlier work by the same team, published in PLoS ONE, identified the toxin-producing strain of C. perfringens in a young woman with MS. But experts urge caution, saying more work is needed to explore the link. No-one knows the exact cause of Multiple sclerosis (MS), but it is likely that a mixture of genetic and environmental factors play a role. It's a neurological condition which affects around 100,000 people in the UK. C. perfringens, found in soil and contaminated undercooked meat, comes in different strains. Most cases of human infection occur as food poisoning - diarrhoea and stomach cramps that usually resolve within a day or so. More rarely, the bacterium can cause gas gangrene. And a particular strain of C. perfringens, Type B, which the Weill team says it identified in a human for the first time, makes a toxin that can travel through blood to the brain. In their lab studies on rodents the researchers found that the toxin, called epsilon, crossed the blood-brain barrier and killed myelin-producing cells - the typical damage seen in MS. Lead investigator Jennifer Linden said the findings are important because if it can be confirmed that epsilon toxin is a trigger of MS, a vaccine or antibody against the toxin might be able to halt or prevent this debilitating disease. She presented the group's latest findings at a meeting of the American Society for Microbiology. Dr Susan Kohlhaas, Head of Biomedical Research at the MS Society, said: "Discovering potential causes or triggers for MS could enable us to develop better treatments or even, one day, prevent the condition. This is interesting research but the findings now need to be validated in larger studies to establish if this toxin really is a potential trigger for MS."	A food poisoning bacterium may be implicated in MS, say US researchers.
Media playback is not supported on this device But what motivates people to get involved in grassroots sports? BBC Get Inspired reporter Louise Andrew went to meet a teacher who was inspired to become a handball coach after watching the sport at the London Olympics. If you know someone who has volunteered their time to help others participate in sport, then why not nominate them for BBC Scotland's Get Inspired Unsung Hero Award? Go to bbc.co.uk/unsunghero for more details.	Whatever the sport, clubs big or small, they all rely on the good will of volunteers.
For 10 years he resisted demands for reform until economic pressures finally saw the demise of Poland's last Communist leader. Wojciech Jaruzelski was born on 6 Jul 1923 and raised on the family estate in Wysokie. The signing of the German-Soviet non-aggression pact in 1939 persuaded Jaruzelski and his family to flee to Lithuania, before they were deported to South Western Siberia where his father died in a labour camp. He too became a forced labourer in the Karaganda coal mines in Kazakhstan suffering permanent  damage to  his back and eyes as a result. When Germany invaded the Soviet Union in 1941, the Russians began forming Polish army units and the young Jaruzelski became one of the first to join. He fought in the Battle of Berlin in May 1945 which saw the final collapse of Nazi Germany and ended the war as a lieutenant. As an officer in the Polish People's Army he took part in the suppression of the Polish wartime resistance movement which was opposing Poland's pro-Soviet government. After graduating from the Polish Higher Infantry School and general staff academy, Jaruzelski rose quickly through the ranks. His career progression accelerated after the departure in 1956 of the Soviet Field Marshal, Konstantin Rokossovsky, who had been installed by Stalin as Poland's Commander in Chief and Minister of Defence. Jaruzelski became the chief "political officer" of the Polish armed forces in 1960, chief of staff in 1964, and defence minister in 1968 shortly before the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in which Polish troops took part. He was also moving up the ranks of the communist party becoming a candidate member of the Politburo in December 1970 and a full member the following year. In 1971 Polish militia opened fire on striking shipyard workers in the Baltic ports and more than 40 people died. Jarulzelski was later accused of ordering the action, something he later strenuously denied claiming the orders came direct from the Prime Minister. In February 1981 he was appointed Prime Minister of Poland and, 10 months later, First Secretary of the Communist Party. He found himself being squeezed between the growing popularity of the pro-democracy Solidarity movement within Poland and pressure from the Soviet Union which had massed 20 tank divisions on the border. In December 1981 he declared martial law and thousands of Solidarity members were arrested including the movements charismatic leader Lech Walesa. Jaruzelski justified his action as a means of preventing a Soviet invasion although the Russian leader Boris Yeltsin later released files which indicated that the Soviets had no such plans. Martial law was lifted in 1983 although Solidarity remained a banned organisation. It was economic pressure which forced change on the Jaruzelski government coupled with the influence of reform in the former USSR under Mikhail Gorbachev. There was growing unrest in the country and a series of strikes forced Jaruzelski to begin negotiations with Solidarity in 1989. After two months of talks Jaruzelski was forced to concede a radical change in the structure of the administration in Poland. Solidarity triumphed in the resulting elections, despite the Communist party being guaranteed 65% of the seats in the new lower chamber. Jaruzelski, whose name was the only one the communists allowed on the ballot for President, won by just one vote. His offer of a coalition with Solidarity was turned down and, in December 1990, he stood down as Poland's leader to be replaced by Lech Walesa. Jaruzelski went on trial in 2001 for his alleged part in the 1971 shipyard massacres but legal wrangling and his declining health saw no hope of an end to the hearings. In February 2008 Jaruzelski told a reporter that he did not expect to be alive by the time any verdict was reached. Solidarity activists attempted to have him tried for the imposition of martial law in 1981 but the courts refused to hear the case on the basis that the post-communist Polish Parliament had exonerated him in 1996. Opinion polls also suggested that a majority of Poles were prepared to accept Jaruzelski's explanation of martial law as the "lesser evil" intended to prevent a Soviet invasion. Described by many Poles as a dictator, who acted according to  instructions from the Kremlin, he insisted he was a Polish patriot who had always tried to do the best for his country.	By the time Wojciech Jaruzelski came to power in Poland the first cracks were appearing in the edifice of Communism across Eastern Europe.
The 27-year-old Englishman had already missed four games since going off injured after 25 minutes of the 5 November draw with Hamilton Accies. Kilmarnock have won one one, drawn one and lost two games during his absence. Addison has made 13 appearances since joining Kilmarnock this summer after leaving Peterborough United. His absence, along with an injury to Jonathan Burn, leaves Kilmarnock short of central defenders for Saturday's Scottish Premiership visit by Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Only Scott Boyd and Will Boyle are available to manager Lee Clark.	Kilmarnock defender Miles Addison is expected to be ruled out until late January after undergoing surgery on a troublesome foot injury.
Jamie Frater, 43, of Weymouth, was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1993 for the murder of teacher Geoffrey du Rose in Bournemouth. He had been released on licence but was wanted after a breach on 17 January. Detectives said Frater had surrendered to police in Bournemouth on Monday night and was now back in prison. While Frater was on the run, police warned the public not to approach him as he "could present a risk to the public". He went on the run after failing to return to prison in 2012, but later gave himself up. He also absconded from open prison in 2001.	A convicted murderer being sought by police after he breached his licence conditions, has handed himself in.
The Labour-led city council is looking to save a further Â£2.2m in its budget by 2020, after an Â£8m cut was sent out to consultation in July. Lib Dem councillor Adam Williams said the move would lead to "further cuts to services people rely on". The Labour group said it was making "difficult decisions on the back of a very tough funding position". The fresh round of cuts will be considered by the authority's cabinet on 22 August. Services where savings are being sought include children's centres, provisions to homelessness organisations, bus routes and recycling centres. Mr Williams said: "These services are the things that the most vulnerable people in Hull rely on on a daily basis. "It's just the wrong thing to be doing." Labour councillor Daren Hale, deputy leader of the council, said: "We are continuing to have to make difficult decisions on the back of a very tough funding position. "We will continue to plan and budget as best we can to maintain vital services, but with the relentless cuts in government funding we cannot avoid the prospect of some reductions in service." The authority said it had lost about Â£104m and shed more than 2,000 jobs since 2011 due to cuts from central government.	A new round of council savings in Hull is an attack on the city's "most vulnerable", a councillor has said.
China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. But satellite images published by a US group appear to show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems on the seven islands. Several countries claim territorial rights in the South China Sea. In a report on Wednesday, the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative (AMTI) said it had been tracking construction of hexagon-shaped buildings on four of the Spratly islands for several months. It said the new buildings were an "evolution" of structures on the three other islands, but it was now confident that all of the buildings housed military defences. The group says that some buildings "host what are most likely anti-aircraft guns" which have visible gun barrels in satellite images, while others are probably what it terms close-in weapons systems (CIWS). CIWS are defence platforms used to detect and shoot down missiles and other aircraft. Some of the structures have been buried, the group said - which would make them less vulnerable to enemy strikes. "These gun and probable CIWS emplacements show that Beijing is serious about defence of its artificial islands in case of an armed contingency in the South China Sea," AMTI said. "Among other things, they would be the last line of defence against cruise missiles launched by the United States or others against these soon-to-be-operational air bases," it added, in a reference to previous photos which seemed to show aircraft hangars being built. China's Defence Ministry said on Thursday that its deployment of military equipment was "legitimate and lawful". A brief post on the Defence Ministry's microblog site described the equipment as necessary and defensive. During his state visit to the US in September 2015, Chinese leader Xi Jinping said China did not intend to pursue militarisation of the Spratly islands but emphasised China's sovereignty over the region. The contested region holds crucial shipping lanes - which prompted the United States to send a warship into the area in October. The White House said it was to "demonstrate ... lawful uses of the sea that the United States and all states are entitled to exercise under international law." China accused the US of an illegal act, and of being "intentionally provocative". China claims almost all of the South China Sea, including reefs and islands also claimed by other nations, and has caused dismay in the region by building artificial islands and restricting access. But Vietnam, the Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia and Brunei all have competing claims. In July, an international tribunal ruled against Chinese claims to rights in the South China Sea, backing a case brought by the Philippines. China, however, called the ruling "ill-founded" and says it will not be bound by it.	New photographic evidence has emerged of "significant" Chinese military defences on artificial islands in the South China Sea, a think tank reports.
Substitute Amorebieta struck in injury time to give Boro a first-leg win. Jelle Vossen gave the visitors the lead midway through the first half, heading Adam Clayton's cross into the corner. Andre Gray drew the Bees level when he robbed goalkeeper Dimi Konstantopoulos on the edge of his penalty area and turned the ball into an empty net. But Amorebieta's well-struck winner, which came after Brentford had dominated the second half, gives Aitor Karanka's side a one-goal cushion heading into the second leg on Friday, 15 May. Brentford, who are attempting to win successive promotions under Mark Warburton but have been unsuccessful in all their previous seven play-off campaigns, will need to score in the second leg at Riverside Stadium if they are to keep alive their hopes of returning to the top flight for the first time since 1947. Boro finished one place and seven points above Brentford, who will part company with Warburton at the end of the season, in the final league table and won both league meetings during the season. The opening period was a cagey and scrappy affair and the first real chance came after 15 minutes, when Alan Judge forced a save from Konstantopoulos at his near post. Vossen's unmarked header from the middle of the box gave the visitors, who are looking to return to the Premier League for the first time since 2009, the advantage. The Belgian came close to doubling Boro's lead, latching on to a knock-down in the box and stabbing a shot goalwards but Brentford goalkeeper David Button managed to claw it off the line. Gray equalised nine minutes into the second half after chasing a seemingly lost cause, charging down a clearance from Greek goalkeeper Konstantopoulos and guiding the ball in for his 18th goal of a prolific campaign. Albert Adomah's left-footed half-volley tested Button from the edge of the area, while Konstantopoulos made amends for his earlier mistake, pulling off a great diving save to turn Jonathan Douglas's looping header behind. Just as an entertaining and engaging encounter - which contained nine yellow cards - seemed to be heading for a draw, Boro snatched their late winner and a crucial first-leg advantage from a corner. Venezuelan defender Amorebieta, on loan from Fulham, latched onto a loose ball and steered a left-footed shot past Button in the dying seconds, leading to wild celebrations from the Boro players at full-time. Brentford manager Mark Warburton: "We got hurt by their deflection to send it into the far corner but we created chances, and right at the end another one flashed across the front of the goal. "Our job now is to go there and win the game. Simple as that. Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka: "It's very important because you know it's always important to win the games, especially away. "We haven't done anything yet because Brentford are a very good team. "They had chances, especially from their set-pieces, so we have to prepare very well at the Riverside and we have to work with the same intensity." Match ends, Brentford 1, Middlesbrough 2. Second Half ends, Brentford 1, Middlesbrough 2. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Fernando Amorebieta. Goal!  Brentford 1, Middlesbrough 2. Fernando Amorebieta (Middlesbrough) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by George Friend with a headed pass following a corner. Corner,  Middlesbrough. Conceded by Toumani Diagouraga. Foul by Toumani Diagouraga (Brentford). Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Tarkowski (Brentford). Daniel Ayala (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Fernando Amorebieta. Substitution, Middlesbrough. Kike replaces Patrick Bamford. Jake Bidwell (Brentford) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Jake Bidwell (Brentford). Grant Leadbitter (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Brentford. Tommy Smith replaces Alan Judge. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Fernando Amorebieta. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Patrick Bamford. Attempt blocked. Alex Pritchard (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Toumani Diagouraga (Brentford) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough). Substitution, Middlesbrough. Adam Forshaw replaces Jelle Vossen. Attempt missed. George Friend (Middlesbrough) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Adam Clayton. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Daniel Ayala. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Fernando Amorebieta. Alex Pritchard (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jelle Vossen (Middlesbrough). Attempt missed. Harlee Dean (Brentford) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high following a corner. Attempt blocked. James Tarkowski (Brentford) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Alan Judge with a cross. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Fernando Amorebieta. Foul by Jake Bidwell (Brentford). Albert Adomah (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Brentford. Stuart Dallas replaces Jota. Attempt blocked. Jota (Brentford) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Fernando Amorebieta (Middlesbrough) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Alex Pritchard (Brentford) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Fernando Amorebieta (Middlesbrough). Attempt blocked. Alex Pritchard (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Alex Pritchard (Brentford) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Adam Clayton (Middlesbrough).	A late Fernando Amorebieta winner at Griffin Park gave Middlesbrough a slim advantage in their Championship play-off semi-final against Brentford.
Fumio Kishida said he had called China's ambassador to protest against the "incursions". On Friday, about 230 Chinese fishing boats and coast guard vessels sailed near islands claimed by both countries. Beijing has been increasingly assertive about waters it believes are Chinese. The Japan-controlled, uninhabited islands - known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China - are the source of a long-running dispute. The Japanese coast guard said on Monday that about 13 Chinese coast guard ships, some of them armed, had been seen near the islands, higher than the usual number. "The situation surrounding the Japan-China relationship is significantly deteriorating," Mr Kishida told Cheng Yonghua, Beijing's envoy to Tokyo, according to a statement on the foreign ministry website. "We cannot accept that [China] is taking actions that unilaterally raise tensions." Mr Kishida said he had lodged repeated protests since Friday about the "incursion and violation of our sovereignty". He said China should withdraw its official vessels immediately. Mr Cheng reiterated China's claim over the area at the meeting, he told reporters, and asked for both countries to continue to have dialogue. He also said the increase in number of coast guard ships was to oversee the increased fishing in the area by Chinese boats, according to AP news agency. "Please understand that it's an effort by the Chinese side to avoid further complications to the situation," AP quoted Mr Cheng as saying. In July, China rejected an international tribunal ruling that its claims have no rights in the South China Sea, raising tensions with neighbours who have competing claims in the area. The case was brought to the Permanent Court of Arbitration by the Philippines, which has seen disputes flare up with China over fishing grounds near the Scarborough Shoal and Spratly Islands in particular. China has indicated it is open to talks with the Philippines outside the tribunal ruling to settle the dispute. On Tuesday, former Philippines president Fidel Ramos, chosen by Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte as envoy to pave the way for talks, was in Hong Kong meeting with Beijing-linked contacts. Meanwhile, a Washington-based think tank says satellite images show China appears to be building aircraft hangars on disputed islands in the South China Sea. Pictures from late July show hangars on Fiery Cross, Subi and Mischief Reefs in the Spratly islands that could fit fighter jets, the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) said. Beijing claims most of the South China Sea and has been building runways and other structures on disputed islands, amid international concerns it is militarising the area. This has raised alarm with its neighbours, including Vietnam and the Philippines, who also claim parts of the South China Sea.	Japan's foreign minister has warned that ties with China are "significantly deteriorating", after Chinese vessels repeatedly entered disputed waters in the East China Sea.
The film shows the Eyemouth boat in action off the coast of the Scottish Borders at the weekend. The RNLI posted the footage on Twitter along with the warning "hold onto your stomach". The video of the boat going up and down prompted a number of comments from the public including: "watching this with a hangover is not fun".	Video footage has captured the stomach-churning seas faced by a lifeboat crew during training.
The formal adoption papers for Jacob came through last month, after he had already been living with his new family for a year and a half. Scott, a senior manager for Adoption UK in the east of England, said the couple were initially approached to foster Jacob, as social workers were struggling to find a family for him. This was not part of a formal foster-for-adoption scheme - but Scott and Tristan quickly decided to apply for adoption. "It was sheer coincidence that he happened to fit with the structure of our family," said Scott. Jacob was over seven years old before he met his permanent family - so he had quite a lot of history to come to terms with, some of it disturbing. Part of the adoption process has been to ensure there is enough on-going support for Jacob in his new family. But, according to Scott, Jacob is thriving and has "changed beyond recognition" in the 18 months he has been with them. He has moved from a school for children with behavioural difficulties to mainstream education and has been able to "close some of the chapters on his previous life". The family are planning a big party to formally welcome Jacob. Life was not without its challenges - sometimes there was friction between the three boys, "but that is part and parcel of being a parent - it's a bit like a conventional family having to adjust to a new baby", said Scott. Both Scott and Tristan admit to having "fought like cat and dog" with their own siblings as children, and this has helped them accept the challenges of parenthood. "The thing I have come to accept is that there is never a normal day," said Scott. "Socially and emotionally, they all have to face challenges every day. "That's just life with children. We just suck it up and get on with it.	Scott Casson-Rennie and his civil partner, Tristan, already had two adopted sons Frasier, now 17, and Brandon, now 16, when they fostered Jacob, now nine, in April last year.
Thanks to the sale of Stevie Mallan to Barnsley, St Mirren have been able to afford significant changes for a second transfer window running, while Dundee United have done likewise despite continued question marks about the finances at Tannadice. Scott McDonald's move to United from Motherwell was the most headline-grabbing signing made by a Championship club this summer, albeit the Australia striker is in the twilight of his career. After topping a League Cup group containing Premiership city rivals Dundee, Ray McKinnon's side should be strong favourites for the title. Falkirk, who ended up as Hibs' main challengers last season, have not been as active, but they romped their League Cup group and could be involved in a two-horse race at the top of the table. St Mirren could mount their own challenge if they start the new league season off the way they finished the last as Jack Ross steered them clear of relegation, while hard-up Dunfermline Athletic could be dark horses after beating Premiership Hearts to the top of their League Cup section. Relegated Inverness Caledonian Thistle could be too busy rebuilding via the bargain basement under returned manager John Robertson to mount any more than a challenge for a play-off place, but David Hopkin's Livingston are shaping up well to build on their romp to the League One title. Greenock Morton have done little in the summer market to suggest they can arrest an alarming late-season slump to again secure a play-off place, while Queen of the South are likely to have to rely again on golden oldie goal machine Stephen Dobbie to spearhead their season. Poor League Cup results suggest that Dumbarton's turnaround in staff is unlikely to save them from another struggle against the drop, with fellow part-timers Brechin City are strong favourites to fill bottom spot after sneaking through the play-offs with two penalty shoot-out victories. Darren Dods' part-timers probably surprised even themselves by winning promotion through the play-offs after finishing fourth in League One and securing their first visit to the second tier in 11 years. They have lost some experienced campaigners, like midfielder Alan Trouten, and recruited from players previously operating in the leagues below. Former Alloa Athletic striker Isaac Layne is probably the best known, but Ryan McGeever could be the most astute signing considering his nine goals out of defence in two seasons with Queen's Park. In: Euan Spark, defender (Dunfermline Athletic); Jordan Sinclair, midfielder (Livingston); Sean Crighton, defender (Livingston); Kalvin Orsi, midfielder (St Mirren); Isaac Layne, forward (Grays Athletic); Ryan McGeever, defender (Queen's Park). Out: Dougie Hill, defender (Dumbarton); Alan Trouten, midfielder (Albion Rovers); Gareth Rodgers, defender (Edinburgh City); Ross Caldwell, forward; Darren McCormack, defender. Manager: Darren Dods (appointed June 2015) Last season: 4th, League One. Prediction: 10th. The Sons have been confounding the critics for five seasons now since winning promotion to the Championship. Despite continuing to be part-time, they have steered clear of even the relegation play-off spot and, in Stevie Aitken, have a manager who might have been pinched by a top-tier club by now did it not suit him financially to have a job outside football. They have lost some experience, such as former Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper Alan Martin, but in Craig Johnston, Tom Walsh and Kyle Hutton they have added midfielders with top-flight experience who will add quality if Aitken can inspire them to rekindle their early-career promise. In: David Wilson, midfielder (Partick Thistle); Danny Handling, forward (Hibernian); Scott Gallacher, goalkeeper (Hibernian); Chris Johnston, midfielder (Raith Rovers); Andy Dowie, defender (Queen of the South); Mark Stewart, forward (Raith Rovers); Kyle Hutton, midfielder (St Mirren); Chris McLaughlin, defender (Ross County); Dougie Hill, defender (Brechin City); Tom Walsh, midfielder (Limerick); Craig Barr, defender (Raith Rovers). Loan: Ally Roy, forward (Hearts); Sam Wardrop, defender (Celtic). Out: Alan Martin, goalkeeper (Queen of the South); Gregor Buchanan, defender (St Mirren); Andy Stirling, midfielder (Queen of the South); Darren Barr, defender (retired); Garry Fleming, forward (Alloa Athletic); Mark Docherty, defender (East Fife); Tom Lang, defender (Stranraer). Loan ended: Ross McCrorie, defender (Rangers). Manager: Stevie Aitken (appointed May 2015) Last season: 8th Prediction: 9th Having missed out on promotion in his first season as Tannadice boss, the pressure is on Ray McKinnon this time as, without Hibs in the division, they have by far the biggest playing budget. With another transfer window behind him, yet more familiar faces have gone and the squad is barely recognisable compared to what he inherited from Mixu Paatelainen. This summer, he has brought in players who have proven they can perform at this level, or higher, and Scott McDonald, in particular, should be an astute replacement for Hibs-bound Simon Murray despite the Australian striker's advancing years. James Keatings could be their lucky charm as the striker seeks his fourth promotion in a row with four different clubs after leaving Hibs. In: Scott McDonald, forward (Motherwell); Tam Scobbie, defender (St Johnstone); Billy King, midfielder (Hearts); Paul Quinn, defender (Ross County); James Keatings, forward (Hibernian); Fraser Fyvie, midfielder (Hibernian); Paul McMullan, midfielder (Celtic); Patrick N'Koyi, forward (Maastricht); Jordie Briels, midfielder (Fortuna Sittard); Deniz Mehmet, goalkeeper (Port Vale). Loan: Harry Lewis, goalkeeper (Southampton); Sam Stanton, midfielder (Hibernian). Out: Simon Murray, forward (Hibernian); Blair Spittal, midfielder (Partick Thistle); Cammy Bell, goalkeeper (Kilmarnock); Luis Zwick, goalkeeper (Hansa Rostock); Coll Donaldson, defender (Inverness Caledonian Thistle); Sean Dillon, defender (Montrose); Aaron Murrell, forward (Berwick Rangers); Brad Smith, midfielder (Cowdenbeath); Paul Dixon, defender; Charlie Telfer, midfielder; Frank van der Struijk, defender; Wato Kuate, midfielder; Jordan Garden, forward. Loan ended: Tony Andreu, midfielder (Norwich City); Thomas Mikkelsen, forward (Odense); Alex Nicholls, midfielder (Barnet); Brett Long, goalkeeper (Motherwell). Loan: Cammy Ballantyne, defender (Montrose). Manager: Ray McKinnon (appointed May 2016) Last season: 3rd Prediction: 1st Money is tight at East End Park and the Pars are one of the clubs that have ditched their development squad this season. They have lost the fleet-of-foot of loan men Paul McMullan and Gavin Reilly, who have ended up at Championship rivals Dundee United and St Mirren respectively. However, striker Declan McManus and midfielder Dean Shiels have both impressed at this level previously and the latter could provide the midfield creativity that the Pars lacked last season. In: Andy Ryan, forward (Airdrieonians, undisclosed); Dean Shiels, midfielder (Edmonton); Declan McManus, forward (Fleetwood Town); Jean-Yves M'Voto, defender (Raith Rovers); Fraser Aird, midfielder (Falkirk); Aaron Splaine, midfielder (Kilmarnock). Out: Lewis Spence, midfielder (Dundee); Rhys McCabe, midfielder (Sligo Rovers); Callum Fordyce, defender (Queen of the South); Euan Spark, defender (Brechin City); Michael Moffat, forward (Ayr United); Andy Geggan, midfielder (Ayr United); David Hutton, goalkeeper (Arbroath); Ben Richards-Everton, defender; Reece Duncan, defender; Evan Horne, midfielder; Johnny Galloway, midfielder; Robbie Crawford, midfielder. Loan ended: Paul McMullan, forward (Celtic); Gavin Reilly, forward (Hearts). Loan: Stuart Morrison, defender (Edinburgh City); Brandon Luke, midfielder (Annan Athletic). Manager: Allan Johnston (appointed May 2015) Last season: 5th Prediction: 5th Bairns boss Peter Houston will again be asked to sustain a title challenge with minimal additions to his squad. Rory Loy, who was on loan to league rivals St Mirren last season, has come in to replace strikers John Baird and Bob McHugh, who will be in opposition with Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Greenock Morton respectively. Perhaps more crucially, Houston has lost quality on the left in the shape of Luke Leahy, who has joined Walsall. However, Craig Sibbald signed a new contract after a trial with Luton Town but with no club willing to pay a compensation fee for the young midfielder. In: Rory Loy, forward (Dundee); Alex Harris, midfielder (Hibernian); David Mitchell, goalkeeper (Dundee); Robbie Mutch, goalkeeper (Aberdeen). Out: John Baird, forward (Inverness Caledonian Thistle); Bob McHugh, forward (Greenock Morton); Luke Leahy, midfielder (Walsall); Fraser Aird, midfielder (Dunfermline Athletic); David McCracken, defender (Peterhead); Lewis McMinn, goalkeeper (Stenhousemuir); Cameron Eadie, defender (Elgin City); Kyle Johnson, defender; Cameron Eadie, defender. Loan ended: Danny Rogers, goalkeeper (Aberdeen). Manager: Peter Houston (appointed June 2014) Last season: 2nd Prediction: 2nd Jim Duffy has worked wonders on a limited budget and Morton were up challenging for promotion until fading late last season because of a lack of strength in depth. Young players from the Premiership on loan have this summer been replaced with tried and trusted Championship performers and Duffy will be hoping that former Falkirk striker Bob McHugh can sustain his League Cup scoring form into the league campaign. In: Bob McHugh, forward (Falkirk); Gary Harkins, midfielder (Ayr United); Connor McManus, midfielder (Celtic); Jack Iredale, defender (ECU Joondalup). Loan: Ross Doohan, goalkeeper (Celtic). Out: Kudus Oyenuga, forward (Chelmsford City); Conor Pepper, midfielder; Jon Scullion, midfielder; Jamie McDonagh, forward. Loan ended: Aidan Nesbitt, midfielder (Celtic); Jamie Lindsay, midfielder (Celtic); Lawrence Shankland, forward (Aberdeen); Luke Donnelly, forward (Alloa Athletic); Bryn Halliwell, goalkeeper (Gartcairn). Manager: Jim Duffy (appointed May 2014) Last season: 4th Prediction: 6th In his second spell as Caley Thistle boss, John Robertson has been to some obscure corners of England and the European mainland to reshape the squad inherited from Richie Foran. Collin Seedorf is the best known - but only because the defender last with Waalwijk is the nephew of former Dutch international Clarence. Midfielder Riccardo Calder had a previous spell in Scotland with Dundee on loan from Aston Villa, but his last port of call was with Lincoln City in the National League. Latest signing Connor Bell is an Englishman who has spent the last year in Servette's Under-21 squad after nine goals in 26 games for Rhyl in the Welsh Premier. Meanwhile, it's going to be fun listening to the BBC commentary team get their tongues round the name of fellow striker Felitciano Zschusschen, a Dutch-born Curacao international who was with Saarbrucken in the German third tier. It may take time for Caley Thistle's coat of many colours to weave its magic in the Scottish Championship, if it ever does. In: John Robertson, manager; Charlie Trafford, midfielder (RoPS); Zachary Elbouzedi, midfielder (West Bromwich Albion); John Baird, forward (Falkirk); Mark Ridgers, goalkeeper (Partick Thistle); Joe Chalmers, defender (Motherwell); Riccardo Calder, midfielder (Aston Villa); Collin Seedorf, defender (Waalwijk); Coll Donaldson, defender (Dundee United); George Oakley, forward (AFC Wimbledon); Felitciano Zschusschen, forward (Saarbrucken); Connor Bell, forward (Servette); Alex Cooper, midfielder (East Fife). Loan: Matthew Elsdon, defender (Middlesbrough). Out: Richie Foran, manager; Ross Draper, midfielder (Ross County, £100,000); Greg Tansey, midfielder (Aberdeen); Alex Fisher, forward (Motherwell); Josh Meekings, defender (Dundee); Henri Anier, forward (Lahti); Kevin McNaughton, defender (retired); Louis Laing, defender (Hartlepool United); Scott Boden, forward (Wrexham); Jason Brown, defender (Peterhead); Lewis Horner, defender; Dean Ebbe, forward. Loan ended: Billy Mckay, forward (Wigan Athletic); Billy King, midfielder (Hearts); Larnell Cole, forward (Fulham). Loan: Daniel Hoban, goalkeeper (Brora Rangers); Stephen Foster, goalkeeper (Nairn County); Aidan Wilson, forward (Wick Academy); Alasdair Stark, defender (Wick Academy). Manager: John Robertson (appointed June 2017) Last season: 10th, Premiership Prediction: 3rd Livingston have added former Motherwell youth Dylan Mackin and Josh Peters, who had a spell with Hibs, as they look to ensure they compensate for the loss of Liam Buchanan, whose 27 strikes last season helped the West Lothian side win League One but who himself stayed in the division with relegated Raith Rovers. But former Hearts forward Dale Carrick topped the scoring charts as Livi won their League Cup group ahead of Premiership outfit Partick Thistle and Peters, still only 20, was sent back on loan to former club Forfar Athletic, where he scored 16 goals to help the Loons win promotion from League Two last season. However, the return of veteran former Rangers and Hearts goalkeeper Neil Alexander could be the most significant addition. In: Neil Alexander, goalkeeper (Aberdeen); Dylan Mackin, forward (Motherwell); Scott Robinson, midfielder (East Fife); Ross Brown, midfielder (East Fife); Josh Peters, forward (Forfar Athletic). Loan: Nikolay Todorov, forward (Hearts). Loan: Joe Thomson, midfielder (Celtic); James Penrice, defender (Partick Thistle). Out: Sean Crighton, defender (Brechin City); Jordan Sinclair, midfielder (Brechin City); Liam Buchanan, forward (Raith Rovers); Morgyn Neill, defender (Stranraer). Loan ended: Charlie Telfer, midfielder (Dundee United); Craig Halkett, defender (Rangers); Liam Kelly, goalkeeper (Rangers). Loan: Josh Peters, forward (Forfar Athletic). Head coach: David Hopkin (appointed December 2015) Last season: 1st, League One Prediction: 7th Queens have lost some experienced players, as well as speedy wing man Dom Thomas, who was on loan from Motherwell and has moved to Kilmarnock. The additions have been mainly young, inexperienced and limited - and new signing Alan Martin, the former Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper, could have another season battling to keep a side clear of relegation trouble rather than realising the Palmerston side's promotion play-off ambitions after his move from league rivals Dumbarton. In: Alan Martin, goalkeeper (Dumbarton); Callum Fordyce, defender (Dunfermline Athletic); Andy Stirling, midfielder (Dumbarton); Shaun Rooney, defender (York City). Loan: Chris Kane, forward (St Johnstone); Jason Kerr, defender (St Johnstone). Out: Andy Dowie, defender (Dumbarton); Dale Hilson, forward (St Mirren); Jamie Hamill, midfielder (Stranraer); Chris Higgins, defender (Ayr United); Scott Hooper, defender (Annan Athletic); Aidan Smith, forward (Annan Athletic); Jim Atkinson, goalkeeper (Annan Athletic); Owen Moxon, midfielder (Annan Athletic); Ayrton Sonkur, midfielder (Annan Athletic); Steven Rigg, midfielder; Dean Brotherston, forward; Richard Murray, defender; Jay McInally, defender; Shane Glean, defender; Cameron Copeland, goalkeeper; Sam Henderson, goalkeeper. Loan ended: Dom Thomas, forward (Motherwell); Connor McManus, midfielder (Celtic). Manager: Gary Naysmith (appointed December 2016) Last season: 6th Prediction: 8th Jack Ross' massive January overhaul finally dragged St Mirren clear of relegation trouble last season and it is not just the recruitment of two Ross Stewarts, both from Albion Rovers, that will have caused more confusion in the dressing room after another summer of personnel changes. Despite the sale of midfield maestro Stevie Mallan to Barnsley, the Saints will be looking to join the battle at the other end of the table this time and central defender Gregor Buchanan, formerly of league rivals Dumbarton, could be one to blossom from the chance of full-time football. In: Darryl Duffy, forward (Mohun Bagan); Craig Samson, goalkeeper (Motherwell); Ian McShane, midfielder (Ross County); Gavin Reilly, forward (Hearts); Cammy Smith, forward (Aberdeen); Gregor Buchanan, defender (Dumbarton); Lewis Morrison, forward (Kilmarnock); Harry Davis, defender (Crewe Alexandra, loan to permanent); Dale Hilson, forward (Queen of the South); Jordan Kirkpatrick, midfielder (Alloa Athletic); Ross Stewart, forward (Albion Rovers, undisclosed); Ross Stewart, goalkeeper (Albion Rovers, undisclosed). Loan: Liam Smith, defender (Hearts). Out: Stephen Mallan, midfielder (Barnsley, undisclosed); Kyle Hutton, midfielder (Dumbarton); Kalvin Orsi, midfielder (Brechin City); Ben Gordon, defender (East Fife); Jordan Stewart, defender (Clyde). Loan ended: Rory Loy, forward (Dundee); Craig Storie, midfielder (Aberdeen). Loan: Nathan Flanagan, midfielder (East Fife). Manager: Jack Ross (appointed October 2016) Last season: 7th Prediction: 4th	Downsizing has been the name of the game for most clubs in the Scottish Championship now that Hibernian have taken their delayed exit back to the top flight along with their sizeable support.
The Dutchman took home the £250,000 top prize by beating Wright 11-10 after the Scot missed six match darts. Van Gerwen beat Gary Anderson 10-7 in the first semi-final while Wright survived a late Phil Taylor comeback to win 10-9 and go through. It is the second time in as many years that Van Gerwen has won the title. The victory means he has won all but one of the four televised Professional Darts Corporation majors of 2017, after he missed the UK Open through injury. After Wright took a five-leg lead, Van Gerwen, 28, came back to level at 8-8 before the Scot rallied and came within one leg of victory at 10-9. But he missed half a dozen darts for the title on double eight as Van Gerwen sealed victory with a nerveless 12-dart visit against a deflated Wright. Speaking to Sky Sports, Van Gerwen said: "I think it was a great final. I had a great comeback, but then he missed six darts for the match. I don't know how he did, but who cares, a win is a win. "This was a really crazy game, we know sooner or later Peter will win a really big title, he didn't do himself any favours today. I kept myself cool and relaxed." Wright, 47, who won the UK Open in March after Van Gerwen pulled out of the tournament with a back problem, said: "I've got to learn, go back to the practice board and get him next time. "What I've learnt over the years playing Michael, I used to rush it, but I've learnt play your own rhythm. "I can't believe I missed that many darts at a double, but fair play to the champion."	Michael van Gerwen came from 7-2 down in a dramatic final to beat Peter Wright at London's O2 Arena and win his third Premier League title.
They were asked whether they would accept moving from a final salary pension to a less generous scheme. Members of three unions at sites in Wales, Scotland, South Yorkshire and Teesside all supported the new proposals. Tata's offer included a Â£1bn investment commitment at Port Talbot and no compulsory job losses. The three unions at the Indian company's UK plants had recommended that their members, including 6,300 Tata workers in Wales, accepted the deal. "This result provides a mandate from our members to move forward in our discussions with Tata and find a sustainable solution for the British Steel Pension Scheme," Roy Rickhuss, the general secretary of Community union, said. Its members backed the new deal by 72% in favour compared to 28% against, with a turnout on the vote of more than 70%. Tony Brady, Unite's national officer, said Tata must now honour its commitments on investment. "Nothing less would be a betrayal and add to the deep mistrust that steelworkers now have for the company," he said. His members supported the pension offer with 76% voting in favour, while GMB union steelworkers also voted in favour by 74%. "Now that steelworkers have done their bit, it is time for the government to step up and do theirs," David Hulse from the GMB added. Under the proposed changes, the British Steel Pension Scheme will close to future accrual, replaced with a defined contribution scheme with maximum contributions of 10% from Tata and 6% from workers. It also emerged a one-off pension contribution of up to Â£10,000 could be made to Tata workers in their 50s who plan to retire early. It is hoped the vote will now bring an end to almost a year of uncertainty for thousands of workers who faced losing their jobs when Tata's UK business was put up for sale in March 2016. Allan Johnston, chairman of The British Steel Pension Scheme, said the result was welcome and would safeguard the future. "We continue to have constructive discussions with Tata Steel, HM Government and the Pensions Regulator about how the scheme will be supported in future. "These discussions are ongoing and no decision has been taken." Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones said the vote was a "significant step forward in securing a sustainable future for Tata's UK business" after what had been "a difficult decision for the trade unions and their members". He added: "We continue to work closely with Tata to implement our significant financial support package in order to maintain steel jobs and production at all the Tata sites in Wales. "We also repeat our calls for the UK government to urgently tackle the UK's high energy costs and continue to push for greater recognition of the steel industry in their new Industrial Strategy." Aberavon MP Stephen Kinnock said: "Today marks the beginning of a new chapter for the British steel industry. "This is not just about a job or an industry but about a way of life." He also called on Tata to uphold its pledge to retain the two blast furnaces in Port Talbot. Plaid Cymru South Wales West AM Bethan Jenkins said the workforce had "made its sacrifice for future workers", calling on Welsh and UK ministers to "demonstrate their commitment to workers and the industry". "Such a demonstration should include action on energy costs, and investment in a local power plant and a Steel Research and Development Centre," she said. A UK government spokesman said the "positive step" was "testament to the commitment of its workforce that they are willing to work so constructively with the owners to secure the future of the plant".	Thousands of Tata steelworkers have overwhelmingly backed a deal on the future of their pensions.
The flag was an imitation of the logo from BBC comedy show Only Fools and Horses, with some words modified to form an offensive slogan. Uefa said: "The fight against racism is a high priority. "The fight has been stepped up a level - resulting in stricter penalties." Partizan will have to close the 'K' section of their stadium when they face Besiktas on Thursday 23 October and have also been fined £31,430 (40,000 euros). Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino described the banner as "very disrespectful and unacceptable" after the 0-0 draw on 18 September at the Partizan Stadium. Tottenham officials made Uefa aware of the banner before the break and delegates took photographic evidence after the match. Spurs have a historical association with London's Jewish community. In 2007, Partizan were thrown out of the Uefa Cup and fined for rioting during a first qualifying round first-leg clash at Zrinjski Mostar. And it was in Serbia two years ago that Tottenham left-back Danny Rose, who did not travel with the Spurs squad for the Europa League tie, was subjected to racial abuse while on England Under-21s duty.	Partizan Belgrade have been fined and forced to play their next Europa League match in a partially closed stadium after their fans displayed an anti-Semitic banner against Tottenham.
Successful applicants will be granted one of 100 new licences to perform at designated locations on the network. Only soloists and duos will be allowed to audition to access the 1,800 bookable slots each week shared by the current crop of 250 buskers. "Busking has become an essential part of London Underground's identity," said LU managing director Mark Wild. Ed Sheeran, Bob Geldof and Jessie J are among the stars who have previously busked on the Tube. Musicians are being asked to apply online by 13 August. Shortlisted applicants will then audition in front of a panel of music experts and operations directors at Transport for London (TfL) at a range of busking hotspots and music venues around the capital. Deputy mayor for culture and the creative industries Justine Simons said: "London is a world leader for culture. "Around every corner there is a cultural gem bringing our city to life, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the atmosphere buskers create on the Underground." Mr Wild added: "This new wave of auditions will bring in a range of musicians who will continue the strong tradition of entertaining our customers with a high standard of music."	Auditions to busk at London Underground (LU) stations are being held for the first time in two years.
Police recorded 550 homicides in 2011-12, 88 fewer than the previous year and the lowest number since 1983. Offences such as pickpocketing, shoplifting and bicycle theft rose 2%, the only crime category to show a rise. Separate data, based on interviews with 46,000 adults, suggests crime levels are broadly flat. They were conducted as part of the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW), previously known as the British Crime Survey, which asks people whether they have been the victim of any offences during the past year. About 9.5 million incidents took place, according to the survey respondents. The             ONS figures  show crime recorded by police forces fell by 4% to below the four million mark for the first time since 1989. By Danny ShawHome affairs correspondent, BBC News The fall in homicides is quite remarkable - and does not appear to be a statistical fluke. It reflects an overall decline in levels of violence recorded by police - 762,000 incidents, the fewest number since counting methods changed a decade ago. Statisticians say the figures broadly mirror reductions elsewhere in the developed world, so it would be unfair of politicians, police or doctors here to claim the credit for a phenomenon that appears to be driven by something more fundamental. Nevertheless, officials believe that efforts to bear down on domestic and family-related violence, which account for two-thirds of killings, is a key factor in the homicide fall. Police and probation officers have made huge strides in recent years in identifying people who are at risk of attack and ensuring violent criminals are monitored more effectively. Officials said the fall in homicide figures was not unique to England and Wales and there had been reductions in Europe, Asia and North America since the mid 1990s. The number of homicides rose from around 300 a year in the 1960s to about 1,000 a decade ago. The number last year was the same as in 1983. The figures also show attempted murders also fell substantially, indicating that the fall in homicides was not principally because surgeons were saving people's lives through advances in medical techniques, said BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw. The "other thefts" category also included people stealing items from garages and sheds and rose 4% the previous year.  More than 1.1 million such incidents were recorded by police last year. John Flatley, head of crime statistics at the ONS, suggested the increase was mostly driven by rises in thefts of metal, mobile phones and bags left unattended in pubs and bars. He added the CSEW indicated that pickpocketing had risen 17% in the last two years and this "might represent an emerging upward trend mirroring that seen in the comparable recorded crime category". Mr Flatley said the estimated 5,000 offences committed during last summer's riots had been "swallowed up by the larger volume reductions we've seen elsewhere". The recorded crime figures also show: Policing Minister Nick Herbert said the figures showed crime has continued to fall despite the challenge of reduced police budgets and "give the lie to the spurious claim that there is a simple link between overall police numbers and the crime rate". He said the introduction of elected police commissioners in November would make forces more accountable for "areas of local concern" highlighted by the ONS. The Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) said the figures were a "credit to those officers and staff who have faced the challenge of major efficiencies while continuing to tackle crime in our communities". Separate crime figures were previously released by the Scottish Government and the Police Service of Northern Ireland. In 2011-12, Scotland's eight police forces recorded 3% fewer crimes than the previous year, while offences in Northern Ireland dropped 1.6% year-on-year.	The number of murders and killings in England and Wales has fallen to the lowest level in nearly 30 years, Office for National Statistics figures show.
Emily Beatty gave Ireland the lead in the first quarter against the side ranked sixth in the world. However goals from Michelle Vittese, Jill Witmer and Julia Young saw the United States win the opening game. The sides meet again at 23:30 BST on Friday 26 May as they prepare for World League 3 in Johannesburg in July. Ireland made a positive start to the game and took the lead when Beatty, who plays her club hockey for KHC Dragons in Belgium, pounced on a rebound to give Graham Shaw's side the early advantage. Early in the second quarter USA equalised from a penalty stroke that was confidently dispatched by Vitesse and minutes later they went ahead ahead when Witmer defected the ball past Ayeisha McFerran. The Irish goalkeeper made a number of excellent saves while at the other end Nikki Evans saw her effort cleared off the line. USA extended their lead in the 53rd from a penalty corner converted by Julia Young. After the game Irish Coach Shaw said, "We are pleased with our performance but disappointed with the result. We played very well in phases and created many good goal scoring opportunities." "We must concentrate in turning these chances into goals.  USA were just better in the circle.  We are really looking forward to the challenge in the next game." Ireland Starting XI: A McFerran, K Mullan, S McCay, L Tice, G PInder, S Loughran, R Upton, N Daly, H Matthews, E Russell, A O'Flanagan Subs: Y O'Byrne, N Evans, E Beatty, C Watkins, Z Wilson, D Duke	The Irish women's hockey team were beaten 3-1 by USA in the first of their three-match series at the Spooky Nook Sports Complex in Pennsylvania.
The historic building has had a variety of uses since the new civic centre opened in 1987, and is now home to the council's cultural services. From January 2013, management is being transferred to the Sage Gateshead, via a lease to the North Music Trust. This will enable it to continue as a "cultural hub", with spaces for community and private hire. There will also be concerts in its public hall. Remaining council staff will be relocated to the civic centre. Mick Henry, leader of Gateshead Council, described it as a win-win situation. "It's important for Gateshead Council to make best use of its limited resources," he said. "One way we can do that is to bring more of our staff into Gateshead Civic Centre and reduce the number of buildings we need to heat, light and maintain. "It will reduce our overheads but, more importantly, it will also enable The Sage Gateshead to take this already important cultural hub on to the next level." The old town hall provided a temporary base for the Sage Gateshead while the landmark building was being constructed. Anthony Sargent, general director of the Sage Gateshead, said: "It is enormously rewarding now to be working so closely with our council colleagues on this new initiative, using all The Sage Gateshead's connections and resources to expand the range of musical opportunities available to local people."	Gateshead's old town hall is set for a musical future.
To take the title fight to the final race, Hamilton must stop team-mate Nico Rosberg winning the race on Sunday. Hamilton was 0.230 seconds quicker than the German, who was only third, the two separated by Red Bull's Max Verstappen. Hamilton was 0.096secs quicker than the Dutchman, whose team-mate Daniel Ricciardo was fourth fastest. Hamilton was faster on both the medium tyres that the Mercedes drivers ran early in the session - by 0.05secs - and on the softs later on. Second practice is live on the Sport website and 5 live sports extra 16:00 GMT. The session was held in hot and sunny conditions in Sao Paulo, but rain is expected later in the day and the weekend is forecasted to be cool and showery. Wet conditions are likely to bring Red Bull into the mix for victory, which could play into Hamilton's hands. McLaren driver Jenson Button, Hamilton's former team-mate, said: "If it's wet, it mixes things up. Lewis knows he's really good in the wet and can make a big points score. Nico knows there's a lot more to lose. I'm sure Nico wants it to be dry. But everyone watching wants it to be wet." Rosberg has a 19-point advantage over Hamilton, who has won the last two races in the USA and Mexico. A victory would extend Rosberg's advantage to at least 26 points, which means Hamilton could not overtake him in Abu Dhabi in two weeks' time. Ricciardo said Mercedes were likely to finish one-two if the race is dry and if Rosberg is second behind Hamilton, then he would need only a third place in Abu Dhabi in two weeks' time to secure his first world title. Rosberg says he is focusing only on trying to win in Brazil. "It's awesome to be fighting for the world championship with two races to go and so, yeah, excited about the weekend, looking forward to it and of course going to try to go for the win," he said. Behind the Mercedes and Red Bulls, Williams driver Valtteri Bottas was fifth fastest, split from team-mate Felipe Massa - in his last Brazilian Grand Prix - by the Force Indias of Sergio Perez and Nico Hulkenberg. Ferrari drivers Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen were only ninth and 10th, Vettel 1.672secs behind Hamilton and 0.002secs quicker than the Finn, but did not run on the soft tyre. Ferrari ran only the medium, which is in the region of 0.7secs slower than the soft tyre used by all ahead of them to set their best times. Vettel had a spin late in the session at the fast downhill left-hander called Mergulho, the penultimate corner on the track. Media playback is not supported on this device Jenson Button, two races from the likely end of his F1 career, was 13th, one place and 0.044secs ahead of McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso. Jolyon Palmer, confirmed as staying at Renault next season, was 19th fastest, his team-mate Kevin Magnussen sitting out the session as Russian GP2 driver Sergey Sirotkin was given a chance, ending up slowest of all. Brazilian Grand Prix Grand Prix first practice results Brazilian Grand Prix coverage details	Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton got his critical Brazilian Grand Prix weekend off to the ideal start with fastest time in first practice.
The Help to Buy Equity Loan was introduced to boost the housing market. A property expert said the scheme has had "little success" in London, where in some cases, loans of up to £190,000 have been taken up. The government said it has helped buy more than 100,000 homes across England. Sorry, your browser cannot display this content. Use our search to find out how the scheme has fared in your local authority BBC England's data unit analysed official figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government.  It found: For more stories from the BBC England data unit visit our Pinterest board How the taxpayer is helping people buy their homes £4.6 billion worth of equity loans 100,284 loans taken £17.7bn total value of properties sold £46,301 average equity loan £229,608 average purchase price 81% were first time buyers Just 10 equity loans had been taken in the London borough of Hammersmith and Fulham by October 2016 since their introduction in 2013, receiving £1.9m between them, or an average of £190,000 each. Six of Hammersmith's 10 buyers were helped between June and September 2016 alone, suggesting the rise in the upper limit made a difference. In Kensington and Chelsea, the most expensive place to buy a home, the only two loans taken were worth a combined £360,000. The highest number of loans taken per head of population was in Bedford, where the 1,268 loans was equivalent to two in every 100 households. Between them, the loans came to £62.9 million, or £49,416.68 each. The average loan for England, including London was £46,301.03. The rate of take-up has been significantly less in London compared with the rest of England. Property agent and housing market commentator Henry Pryor warned there could be a "severe hangover" once the subsidies of Help to Buy are removed. He said: "The (HTB) initiatives have been more helpful away from the South East, where prices are lower. Clearly, there is less practical opportunity in London which is one reason why the numbers here are so small. Even the capital's own version (with a higher upper loan limit of 40%) has had little success. He said the schemes had "clearly helped politically and practically" but added: "The question is whether the government can wean lenders and developers off the financial drug that it has become addicted to. "Watching commercial businesses [house builders and developers] get fat on taxpayer subsidies is not something that can or perhaps should last for ever. "At some stage, we will need to 'remove the punchbowl' and when that happens, the hangover may be severe." Roger Harding, Shelter's director of communications, policy and campaigns, said: "While a Help To Buy equity loan might help some first-time buyers on to the ladder, in the short-term there is a risk it will push up house prices making it even tougher for others to buy a home in the future. "If the government really wants to tackle our housing shortage, its best bet is to start with building homes that are genuinely affordable for people on low to average incomes to buy and rent long-term." House builders say the equity loan scheme has helped first-time buyers who would not otherwise have been able to afford a home. Gavin Stewart, sales director at Barratt London, said it had proved an "effective way for many Londoners to get on the property ladder". Luke Smith and Barbara Antkowiak, who bought a Barratt London property in Hendon with a Help to Buy loan, say it means they spend less than they would on rent. Mr Smith said: "We're hoping that by the time we come to pay it off the house will have gained enough in equity." A DCLG spokeswoman said: "Help to Buy: Equity Loan has helped more than 100,000 households get on the housing ladder since it was launched in 2013. "It is one of a number of housing schemes provided by the government, so people have a choice of what is right for them." There was little evidence the scheme was increasing house prices, she added. The department said London Help to Buy was "performing strongly" and has seen take up in the capital double since its launch in February 2016.	One in three new build properties outside London were bought through a flagship scheme for first-time buyers, but just one in 10 in the capital, analysis by BBC News shows.
Its shares fell 7% to 159.5 Taiwanese dollars, a near eight-year low. On Tuesday, the company warned that it may swing to an operating loss as its revenue projections missed analysts' forecasts, hurting investor morale. It said its margins were hit by "relatively higher cost structure" as well as the "lack of economy of scale". It said it expects its operating margin in the third quarter to fall to between zero and minus 8% on revenues of between 50bn and 60bn Taiwanese dollars (£1.3bn; $2bn). Most analysts had forecast a margin of 2-4% and revenues close to 72bn Taiwanese dollars. Once a major global player, HTC's fortunes have slid recently as it lost market share to rivals such as Samsung and Apple. Its net profit dipped 83% in the second quarter from a year earlier. In an attempt to revive growth, it has launched new products - including the HTC One - the response to which, it said, had been encouraging. "With the help of HTC One, we have regained superphone market share across major markets including China," the company said. It added that it plans to launch a range of innovative and competitive mid-tier products in the coming months, which it expects will help it "regain momentum and market share in these segments" in the coming months. While the company said it expected an improvement in the fourth quarter, some analysts were sceptical that it would be able to improve in the near term. "It doesn't seem like the company has any strategy that can turn this around," said Daniel Chang, an analyst at Macquarie Securities. HTC shares have fallen 44% over the past 12 months and are trading at their lowest level since 2005.	Taiwanese mobile phone maker HTC has warned it may make an operating loss - its first ever -  in the third quarter, sending its shares down sharply.
It could mean the potential merger between the company and the German steel producer, ThyssenKrupp is more likely to move forward. The Â£15bn British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS) has been a significant barrier to any agreement. Tata has been in negotiations with pension regulators and trustees of the scheme. A deal was done between unions and the company that would see reduced benefits for current employees, but the decision would affect all members of the pension scheme including those already retired. Other similar pension agreements have seen the companies involved pay money into the fund as well as giving a stake in the ongoing business to the new pension providers. About 6,250 people are employed by Tata Steel across Wales, including 3,500 in Port Talbot. Tata Steel UK has offered to pay Â£550m into its now-closed pension scheme and give the fund a 33% stake in its UK business. It means Tata would no longer have any responsibility for the pension scheme. This pension arrangement is only available to companies that would not be able to continue trading without the change. Who are ThyssenKrupp? Nearly three quarters of union members backed the new pensions deal earlier this year. A Tata Steel spokesman said parties involved in pensions talks were in "positive discussions and we are hopeful of reaching a final agreement shortly". The pensions regulator refused to be drawn on any speculation. It said progress was being made and an official announcement would be made in due course. A spokesperson for the steel trade unions said: "If accurate, we welcome this development which will lead to certainty for scheme members following a year of unprecedented turmoil. "Our members will now expect the trustees to provide all the information necessary to enable them to make the right decision for them and their families." Pensions expert Stuart Price, partner with Quantum Advisory, said a deal has been done with a new pension scheme being set up, with better benefits than a "worse case scenario" of members relying on the safety net of the pension protection fund (PPF). "Tata Steel will continue to sponsor the scheme and will stand behind it and pay in more money if needed to keep the scheme well funded," he said. "Going forward, members will be worse off than if the British Steel pension scheme had stayed in place but it's better than the alternative with the PPF."	An announcement is expected within days that would see Tata separate its UK pension scheme from the businesses.
The museum in Wilton Lodge will be closed to the public while the audit takes place. Scottish Borders Council said the review would give staff a "better knowledge and understanding" of the collection as a whole. The museum will be shut from 24 December until 21 March 2016.	A major review of the collection held by Hawick Museum will be carried out over the next three months.
An Ulster statement said the agreement would "result in significant investment for the game of rugby at all levels". The global company has been a sponsor of Ulster Rugby since 1999. The agreement is understood to be a multi-million pound deal although the precise figures have not been released. Media playback is not supported on this device Ulster's announcement of the stadium naming rights deal for the redeveloped south Belfast ground mirrors the Irish Rugby Football Union's 2009 decision which saw the old Lansdowne Road venue in Dublin becoming the new Aviva Stadium. Many other major sports stadiums throughout the world have gone through similar naming rights processes in recent years and Ulster argue that financial imperatives leave them with no option but to follow the same path. "It's critical we get good quality investment into the stadium that we can reinvest in all of the game," said Ulster Rugby's chief executive Shane Logan. When pressed on the sum of money involved, the Ulster chief said it was "substantial" and that the deal was "right up there at the top end" when compared with naming rights deals agreed by other top European rugby clubs in recent years. Logan acknowledged that Ulster's decision may not go down well with traditionalists but indicated his confidence that the vast majority of supporters will be won over. "I don't think we expect everybody to immediately get used to the name but as the with Aviva, the Etihad and other leading stadia, it does happen through time. "We look upon it a bit like a marriage. When my daughter gets married, her name will change. It's perhaps a little bit similar. It's progress," added the Ulster chief executive.	Ulster Rugby has announced that their Ravenhill ground will be called Kingspan Stadium from now on following the signing of a 10-year agreement with the Cavan-based insulation company.
The rest of Northern Ireland's five trusts have cancelled some non-urgent elective surgeries. It is one of a series of escalation measures put in place in order to tackle demands on the emergency system. The Southern Trust said it had cancelled less than 10 operations and was doing so on Tuesday only. The Belfast trust said: "This decision has not been taken lightly and will be kept under review throughout the remainder of the week. "We would like to stress that cancer surgery and emergency cases are unaffected. "Minor healthcare issues can be dealt with at home, by a pharmacist or by a GP." Meanwhile, the South Eastern Trust said all of its hospital emergency departments were under "significant pressure" on Tuesday evening. It said the Ulster Hospital, Dundonald, was facing "particular challenges". It is not unheard of for hospitals to cancel non urgent operations in times of pressure. But it is unusual for all five health trusts to do it at the same time. It is an indication of just how much pressure Northern Ireland's health service is under, especially within emergency care. The BBC has been told that the measure is being reviewed daily and was introduced after all health trusts reported an extraordinarily busy weekend. The ED attendances for the period from 22 December last year to 15 January are 23408 with 145 waiting longer than the 12 hour target. Last year, more than 23,000 people sought help at their emergency department when 145 people exceeded waiting 12 hours. A national target is in place where people should not have to wait more than four hours to be seen by a doctor in the emergency system. While a spokesperson for the Health and Social Care Board said it was unacceptable that anyone should have to wait, they stressed that Northern Ireland's waiting time figures were improving. In 2011/12 there were 10,211 12-hour breaches, while last year that figure was slashed to 3,130. Antrim Area hospital is reported to be the busiest on Tuesday night. On a normal day, it sees around 200 people in its emergency department, but it is expected that figure will be exceeded on Tuesday night. In a statement, the South Eastern Health Trust said it was experiencing "significant pressure" at all of its emergency departments and increasing emergency admissions to all its hospitals. "We are facing particular challenges at the Ulster Hospital emergency department, and would like to remind people to only attend if they are a genuine emergency." The trust warned patients that they may have to wait longer than usual because of the "surge in attendances". "Our staff have gone to extraordinary lengths to ensure patients receive the highest quality of care under difficult circumstances, and we would like to pay tribute to them for their hard work," the trust said. On Tuesday night, Health Minister Jim Wells paid tribute to health workers: "I am so grateful for the dedication and hard work of all the staff who are under huge pressure in our hospitals." The Health and Social Care Board said: "As part of trusts' normal escalation arrangements, all trusts have had to cancel some non-urgent elective procedures to provide additional capacity to respond to the emergency pressures. "This decision is not taken lightly and it is recognised that it causes inconvenience and frustration for patients. "Patients requiring urgent treatment will continue to receive this. The number of cancellations will vary across trusts and trusts are reviewing the position daily to minimise the impact on patients."	Belfast Health Trust has cancelled all non-urgent elective surgery up to and including Sunday 11 January due to pressures on emergency departments.
Surgeon Abbas Khan, 32, from Streatham, south London, was found dead in his cell just days before the Syrian government said he was due to be freed. The UK Foreign Office said he was "in effect murdered" but the Syrian authorities claim he took his own life. The coroner told the jury his mother had been "extraordinarily persistent". Giving evidence in court, the orthopaedic surgeon's mother, Fatima Khan, said she went to Syria in July 2013 and visited a number of embassies and prisons to trace her son. She said some of the cars she travelled in came under sniper fire, adding: "I felt scared, but my son was here so I had to be brave". She finally saw him at the Court of Terrorism at the end of July. "I hugged him. He was a skeleton. He was in tears. I said, 'Look, mummy is here for you'. He said, 'Sorry, I shouldn't have come here, please take me home'," she said. Her son was missing a fingernail and his feet were completely burnt, Ms Khan said. When questioned over his injuries he replied: "This is nothing, I have suffered more than this'." Dr Khan later described how the conditions were "like hell" with cockroaches, mice and faeces on the floor, his mother said. He added he was beaten up by other inmates and interrogated by men who beat him with rubber hoses, the jury heard. On 22 November 2012, Dr Khan was detained while out for a walk while working in a hospital in Aleppo to help civil war victims. He was found dead on 16 December 2013. Chief coroner Judge Peter Thornton said the father of two was found "allegedly hanged" while in custody in Damascus. Mr Khan's family has always maintained he was murdered, despite the Syrian authorities' assertions he killed himself. The coroner said the main issues for the jury to consider after hearing all the evidence were likely to be: did Dr Khan take his own life, or was he "forced in some way by his captors to take his own life against his will", or was he "unlawfully killed" by his captors? The inquest at the Royal Courts of Justice is set to last three weeks.	"Superhuman" efforts were made by the family of a British doctor to secure his release before his death in a Syrian prison, an inquest has heard.
Dan Murray, 55, died after he was shot while making a delivery on Lady Street, near the Grosvenor Road, on Monday. Police said they believed he had been lured to the area by a bogus call and described his murder as "horrific". The 38-year-old man was released unconditionally after being arrested in west Belfast on Wednesday night. Also on Wednesday night, about 100 people gathered in west Belfast to protest against paramilitary violence in the city.	A man has been released after being arrested in connection with the murder of a takeaway delivery driver in west Belfast.
In Kiev Fomenko cuts a sharp contrast to the spontaneous combustion that lurked permanently near the surface of Oleg Blokhin, his legendary predecessor. Former Soviet Union striker Blokhin concluded a frank discussion with a Ukrainian journalist following their defeat by England in Euro 2012 with an old-fashioned invitation to go outside for "a man talk", complete with what looked suspiciously like a few tasty shadow-boxing moves just to emphasise his point. It is hard to imagine such differing personalities as the emotional Blokhin and the taciturn - to put it very generously - Fomenko. And yet the latter is clearly inspirational enough to have manoeuvred Ukraine into a position in Group H where they will be firm favourites for automatic qualification should they beat England on Tuesday. Fomenko does not go in for such obvious dramatic gestures as Blokhin. Indeed it seems he does not go in for gestures at all but one typically short answer brought a smattering of patriotic applause from his audience in the room deep inside the vast bowl of Kiev's Olympic Stadium. Asked if the potentially decisive meeting with England was the game of his life, he simply replied: "Not only of mine." This was all it took to prompt the response and shine a light on the feelings of Ukraine as they believe the goal of Brazil next summer will come into sharp relief should they beat Roy Hodgson's men. Media playback is not supported on this device There was a mood of anticipation among Ukraine fans who walked along the banks of the vast Dnieper river that sweeps through this sprawling, exciting city. And it will be mirrored in the mood of 70,000 supporters who will gather for what will be arguably the most important night of Hodgson's reign so far. England are braced for the early whirlwind of attacks that have become Ukraine's calling card. Comparisons are being drawn with the occasion in October 1997 when Glenn Hoddle's England went to Rome's Stadio Olimpico and fought a rearguard action that brought back the goalless draw that sent them to France 98. Hodgson, then coach of Inter Milan, worked as a television analyst that night. He knows he will be under far more pressure on Tuesday as England reach the crucial point in their World Cup qualifying campaign. The England manager admits he is feeling that pressure - and why not? Hodgson's years of experience will inform him of the stakes, both professionally and personally, that may ride on events. Full qualifying tables Hodgson seemed at ease with such weight of expectation as he said: "We're getting closer to the situation where we are either going to achieve our goal and qualify for the World Cup or we are going to fail in our goal. "Of course that's pressure but, like Steve Gerrard said, that is part and parcel of the business. You can't get away from that, and discussing it and admitting to it even - what does that do? "What would you like me to say? 'No I don't feel any pressure and I couldn't care less?' Of course you wouldn't expect me to say that. "I can't sleep at night? I can't sleep a wink? I'm frightened to death we're going to lose? Do you want me to say that?" It was all said perfectly calmly but with the air of a man who could probably reel off a list of the searching questions he would be asked should he leave Kiev in the small hours of Wednesday morning a loser. Hodgson has had a turbulent build-up with new Football Association chairman Greg Dyke realistically suggesting England would not be among the favourites to win in Brazil should they even get there. And another unwanted distraction came in the form of defender Kyle Walker's apology for his "poor judgement" after photographs were published of the Tottenham defender inhaling nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", during a night out in Sheffield this summer. Take a look back at Frank Lampard's long career with West Ham, Chelsea and England At least Hodgson's team selection was uncomplicated, with the reliable James Milner the only expected change in place of suspended Danny Welbeck. It is an England team with a lop-sided look in terms of experience. Frank Lampard will win his 100th cap to join a select band of eight that includes team-mates Steven Gerrard and Ashley Cole. At the other end of the scale, Rickie Lambert's story gets another chapter as he earns only his third cap at the age of 31. With midfielder Jack Wilshere also short of competitive England experience, Hodgson will rely heavily on his vastly and trusted trio. Mikhail Fomenko has outlined what this night means to Ukraine - but Hodgson and England will also know what it will mean to spoil it.	Deadpan hardly does justice to the stone-faced delivery of Ukraine coach Mikhail Fomenko, but this man of few words did not need many to express his nation's feelings about the World Cup qualifier with England.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 28-year-old from Wrexham won silver in the double sculls at Rio 2016 alongside Katherine Grainger. She is the first Welsh woman to win an Olympic rowing medal, but Thornley is debating whether to continue rowing. "I haven't made my mind up for sure yet, I just need a bit of time to come back down to earth after the whirlwind [of Rio]," she said. "I'm going on holiday on Wednesday with my boyfriend so I'm looking forward to that. It should be nice to get back to normality and then see how I feel. "Of course after the Olympics you watch back the race and you're like: 'Of course I want to do that again, it's amazing.' "But you have got to think about the dark days in the winter and everything like that. "Even though I love the training aspect I've got to think about it properly before I make the decision to carry on or not. "But if I do carry on, I want time just to enjoy normal life for a little bit." Thornley's achievement in Rio was all the more remarkable as her partnership with Grainger was dissolved earlier this year. The pair were dropped from the double sculls but reunited for the Olympics just six weeks prior to winning their medal.	Team GB's Olympic rowing silver medallist Victoria Thornley says she is considering her future in the sport.
Although opponents have questioned the result, the head of the country's electoral body says it is valid. Here's what the numbers say about the vote. The overall result is a narrow victory for Mr Erdogan - one small enough to be disputed by his opponents. But turnout for the divisive vote was high - 85%. And while a 51% victory may not seem like much, Turkey's large population means the Yes vote's margin is actually 1,124,091 votes. Turnout was also very high - reported at 85% by the country's Anadolu news agency. Opponents have been questioning the inclusion of more than one million unstamped ballot papers as valid - and await the verdict of international observers. During the campaign, much was made of the impact Turks living abroad, especially in Germany, might have on this crucial vote - particularly after a diplomatic spat erupted over campaigning on foreign soil. In the end, though, just under 50% of the estimated 1.4 million Turks who could vote from Germany did so - and those who did were firmly in favour of granting Mr Erdogan his new powers. Several other countries also voted Yes, including: Most countries which returned a No vote had a relatively small number of voters - though Switzerland's 50,374 Turks firmly voted against (61.92%). The president of Germany's Turkish community expressed concern about the level of support for the Yes vote, saying they had to "find ways of better reaching people who live in freedom in Germany and yet want autocracy for people in Turkey." The vote may have been close, but the districts containing the country's three largest cities all voted against the president. In Istanbul, the largest city, and the capital, Ankara, the vote was very close. But in Izmir, the third-largest city, the margin was a much higher 68.8% No. But those results could not overpower Mr Erdogan's central Anatolian heartland. Many regions of the country's interior voted Yes, with the share often topping 70% in favour. Along the Aegean and in southeast Anatolia - which is home to many Kurds - most districts voted the other way, with up to 70% voting No. As the count progressed, Mr Erdogan's lead narrowed, but he retained enough - if only by a small percentage - to declare victory. Read more about Turkey's referendum:	Turkey has finished counting the votes in a crucial referendum - one which grants sweeping new powers to its controversial president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
11 December 2015 Last updated at 17:07 GMT This is what might happen to kids living on the island of Kiribati, in the Pacific Ocean. Kiribati is a nation of about 105,000 people that sits, surrounded by water, halfway between Hawaii and Australia. The land there it just six metres above sea level and scientists think that it could be among the first places in the world to be affected by rising sea levels, as the planet heats up and melts ice in places like Antarctica. It's one of the things world leaders are hoping to tackle at the Climate Change Conference in Paris at the moment. Watch the video to learn more	Imagine living somewhere that could be completely under water in a few years time.
A record 668 rhinos were killed for their horns in 2012, up almost 50% on the number for 2011. The majority of the animals were killed in the Kruger national park, the country's biggest wildlife reserve. Experts say that growing demand for rhino horn in Asia is driving the slaughter. South Africa is home to around three quarters of the world's rhinoceros population of around 28,000 animals. In 2007 a mere 13 animals were lost to poachers. But since then the killing has increased substantially. It is being fuelled by the belief in countries like China and Vietnam that powdered rhino horn has medicinal powers and can impact diseases like cancer. Horns can sell for around $65,000 a kg. The rich rewards have attracted criminal gangs who deploy a range of sophisticated technologies in their efforts to capture and dehorn the animals. The South African government have attempted to fight back using soldiers and surveillance aircraft, but the numbers indicate they are losing the fight. According to a recent report from the wildlife monitoring network, TRAFFIC, South Africa's rhinos are now facing a poaching crisis that will lead to a population decline. "Rhinos are being illegally killed, their horns hacked off and the animals left to bleed to death," says Traffic's director of advocacy Sabri Zain, "all for the frivolous use of their horns as a hangover cure." Five more rhinos have been killed since the start of this year according to the South African government. But the country is not alone in facing a threat to its rare rhino population. India is home to more that 2,200 rhinoceros which are found in the well-protected Kaziranga reserve. However even the use of around 900 armed rangers and guards hasn't been able to stop the poachers. Last year across India, 18 animals were killed, up from ten in 2011. Follow Matt on twitter.	Figures from the South African government indicate that poaching for rhinoceros has increased substantially in the last year.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) stopped a charity from injecting hill ponies with a contraceptive. The project which had been running for four years aimed to reduce an excess of foals being born and shot. Defra received complaints from local equine organisations. At the beginning of an investigation, Defra told Friends of the Dartmoor Hill Pony project organiser Charlotte Faulkner she might be prosecuted and asked her to "attend a formal interview under caution". The project's solicitor accused Defra of being "extraordinarily heavy handed" in its approach. More on Dartmoor hill ponies, plus other Devon and Cornwall news. Defra dropped the investigation six months later saying there was no case to answer. Ms Faulkner said Defra's actions meant mares would now be heavily pregnant in freezing conditions with no food to eat. She said: "The farmers who own those mares will have to shoot the foals otherwise the mares will not survive." Matthew Knight, from Knights Solicitors in Tunbridge Wells, said: "It's a disgraceful abuse of power by a statutory body. "Defra's conduct was grossly disproportionate and quite wrong. "There was no evidence of wrongdoing.'' Ms Faulkner started the project to try to reduce the number of foals being culled every year because there is little market for them as meat or pets and government rules only allow a certain number of animals to graze the moor. Ms Faulkner said the charity, Friends of the Dartmoor Hill Pony, and the vet involved have incurred more than Â£10,000 in legal costs because of the investigation. She said the charity was unable to restart the project until it can find another vet to oversee it. Defra has refused to pay compensation. A government spokesperson said: "This investigation was subject to an independent review which concluded there was no evidence of inappropriate conduct."	"Abuse of power" by a government agency will lead to the suffering and starvation of more than 70 Dartmoor hill ponies, it is claimed.
Another praised his "fine" portrayal of the Roman soldier whose inability to compromise results in tragedy. Hiddleston, The Guardian's review goes on, "conveys the hero's complexity" as well as his "reckless impetuosity". Sam Mendes and Sir Nicholas Hytner were among Tuesday's first night audience at London's Donmar Warehouse theatre. The BBC's John Humphrys was also in attendance to see the first Shakespeare play the Donmar's artistic director Josie Rourke has directed for the venue. According to The Guardian's Michael Billington, Rourke "uses the Donmar's intimacy to come up with a fast, witty, intelligent production". Dominic Maxwell in The Times found the show "intimate and compelling", while the Daily Telegraph's Charles Spencer called it "exciting and intense". Yet Quentin Letts expressed reservations in the Daily Mail, saying the production's "numerous good points" were "diminished" by Rourke's "silly directorial touches". Letts cites one of these "touches" - a shower scene in which Hiddleston's soldier removes his shirt and washes his wounds - as a "slightly desperate gambit". The Times' man was more appreciative though, saying the scene would "please the MTV viewers who have just voted Hiddleston the sexiest man in the world". Spencer also singled out the "extraordinary moment" in which his "lean, mean killing machine... takes a shower after the battle and gasps with pain". Speaking earlier this year, Hiddleston - known to millions for his villainous Loki role in the Thor and Avengers films - said the play had "an interesting contemporary resonance". "Coriolanus is an impeccable soldier who becomes a war hero," the actor told the BBC News website. "That leads him to be corralled into politics, an arena he has no place in." The political arena is represented in the play by the wily Menenius, played by Mark Gatiss of Sherlock and The League of Gentleman fame. The cast also includes Deborah Findlay as Coriolanus's fierce mother Volumnia and Borgen actress Birgitte Hjort Sorensen as his wife Virgilia. The Donmar's sold-out production, which will be broadcast live in cinemas on 30 January, is one of several high-profile Shakespeares running in London over Christmas. Jude Law can currently be seen as Henry V at the Noel Coward theatre, while David Tennant is portraying Richard II at the Barbican following its run in Stratford-upon-Avon. Laurence Olivier, Sir Ian McKellen and Toby Stephens are among the many notable actors to have played Coriolanus on stage, while Ralph Fiennes played him on screen in 2011 film version that he also directed.	Thor star Tom Hiddleston gives a "powerhouse performance" in a new London production of Shakespeare's Coriolanus, according to one critic.
It is said to result from ScotRail's plan to introduce 200 new services, providing 200,000 additional seats each day. The timetable changes are the result of the Scottish government's decision to retain 13 Class 170 diesel trains. Public transport campaigners have welcomed the announcement. However, they insisted additional track capacity would be needed if the Scottish government was to meet its promise of "the largest programme of benefits to rail passengers seen in a generation". Scotland's Transport Minister Derek Mackay said: "From 2018 passengers will benefit from more seats, more services and faster journey times as a direct result of the increased funding that we are putting into the rail network. "The retention of these units will complement the arrival of our new High Speed Trains, which will allow for new and improved intercity connections. "They will also make our rail network more resilient, creating opportunities to run faster services on key commuter routes and offering better connectivity for regional areas." Phil Verster, Managing Director of Abellio ScotRail, described the announcement as "a really significant moment in our mission to transform Scotland's railway". He added: "In three years' time, the service that we provide to our customers will be unrecognisable." The plan also promises; Colin Howden, from public transport campaign group, Transform Scotland, welcomed the announcement, but he said unless there were "concrete commitments" to upgrade routes then the network might not be able to take the added services. He explained: "It's certainly going to be difficult to get more trains on the route from Dundee to Aberdeen unless there is a clear and transparent decision by government to upgrade the single track rail line at Montrose. "Services from the Edinburgh to Perth are severely constrained by capacity limitations on the Fife Coast and the long single track section on the approach to Perth. "In our view, the most significant single improvement that could be made would be the re-creation of a direct route from Edinburgh to Perth. "This would not only dramatically change journey times from Perth and Inverness to Edinburgh but would also reduce journey times from Aberdeen by routeing some trains via Perth. That would represent a 'rail revolution' for the Scottish inter-city network." Sarah Beattie-Smith, from the Scottish Greens, welcomed the plan to increase services but claimed it was not enough. She said: "The SNP seems to think that tinkering with train service numbers is enough to fix Scotland's broken public transport system. Don't get me wrong - new rail services are all well and good, but this policy falls far short from the 'rail revolution' the Scottish Government wants to brand it as. "To properly support the people who are currently isolated by our poor and expensive public transport, we need to do much, much more."	Rail passengers in Tayside, Stirlingshire, Perthshire, Aberdeenshire and the Borders are being promised a "revolution" in travel.
Mark Gilmore, from Belfast, was suspended on full pay in June in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts. He said he had conducted himself with the honesty and integrity expected of someone in his position. He voluntarily attended a police station in Belfast last week. The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said: "Detectives are preparing a file on a 49-year-old man following inquiries into bribery and misconduct in public office which were initiated by this investigation. "He voluntarily attended a police station in Belfast last week for interview." Seven men have been arrested as part of the investigation by the PSNI. Among those arrested was former PSNI assistant chief constable Duncan McCausland, who has said he "strenuously denies" any wrongdoing. Police have said files on all seven of those arrested are being prepared for submission to the Public Prosecution Service. The BBC understands that due to the complexity of the investigation it could be months before the review of those files is completed and the police are in a position to decide whether to bring charges. Mr Gilmore  is from the Shankill Road area of west Belfast and joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) in 1983, which has since been transformed into the PSNI. He rose to the role of superintendent, before being seconded to Lancashire Police in 2008. He became assistant chief constable at West Yorkshire Police five years ago, before being promoted to chief constable last year.	The chief constable of West Yorkshire has been questioned by Northern Ireland police investigating alleged bribery and misconduct in public office.
Levy was four strokes ahead at 22-under overnight but had six bogeys and a double bogey in a round of 78. Siem missed a six-foot putt to win the title at the 18th but returned to the hole in the play-off and chipped in from the fringe grass for a birdie. Ryder Cup stars Justin Rose and Jamie Donaldson shared fourth, one shot back. Levy had been a collective 40-under-par for his last five stroke-play rounds following his Portugal Masters win last month, and had dropped only one shot in the previous three rounds at the Lake Malaren Golf Club as he eyed a third title of the year. However, the Frenchman double-bogeyed the 13th to drop into a share of the lead with Siem and his fifth bogey of the day at the 16th meant he relinquished the lead for the first time since the second hole in round three as Siem moved a shot clear. That advantage for the German did not last long as he bogeyed the next after pulling his tee shot into thick rough to the left of the par three. Levy's approach to the last finished inches from the water but he recorded a bogey five, while Siem's putt to win with a par was weakly to the right of the cup, leaving them level at 16 under with Fisher. The Englishman had birdied five of his opening seven holes and had completed a round of 67 an hour earlier. Levy and Fisher were in the middle of the green at the first extra hole, with Siem just short in the rough. But after seeing Siem's chip roll into the cup, Fisher's 20-foot putt narrowly stayed out while Levy never threatened the hole from 12 feet as the German secured his first title since the Trophee Hassan in Morocco in March 2013. It was the first event of the European Tour's Race to Dubai Final Series, four tournaments culminating with the World Tour Championship in Dubai from 20 to 23 November. Siem will now cancel a planned holiday in Thailand to take up his place in the WGC-HSBC Champions event at the Sheshan International Golf Club in Shanghai starting on Thursday. Fisher's round was comfortably the best of a final day that produced only four below 70, with veteran Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez carding an 88 containing a 13 at the par-four ninth, his 18th, where he hit four shots into the water.	Marcel Siem won his fourth European title with a play-off victory over Alexander Levy and Ross Fisher at the BMW Masters in Shanghai.
The procedure lasted four hours, Milan's San Raffaele hospital said, giving no further details. But sources told Ansa news agency the operation had been a success. He is likely to take a month to recover. Berlusconi, 79, served as prime minister four times but has since been convicted of tax fraud and bribery. He was admitted to hospital last week after suffering a heart attack his doctor said could have killed him. He is expected to remain in intensive care for another 48 hours. "Everything is okay guys, now I can speak more calmly," an ally of Mr Berlusconi, Gianni Letta, told AGI news agency. On Monday, Berlusconi wrote on his Facebook page he was "concerned" by the looming operation. "But I am also very moved by the very many demonstrations of appreciation, support and affection which I have received from everywhere, even from political rivals," he added. Once the dominant figure in Italian politics, Berlusconi has seen his political influence wane since his coalition lost power in 2011.	Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been placed in intensive care after undergoing an operation to replace a defective heart valve.
The cash will see improvements to outpatient facilities, and enhanced accommodation for day case, endoscopy and dental departments. The hospital's new birthing unit will also benefit from extra investment. The additional money is part of a pledge to continue spending on the hospital as part of the 2015-16 draft budget deal with the Liberal Democrats. Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said the investment would "make a real difference to patients in mid Wales". The outline agreement on spending follows £2.3m funding for work on the hospital roof and the birthing unit. Improvements will also be made to the hospital's entrance and reception, while dental services will be relocated and improved. Powys Teaching Health Board is now expected to finalise the full business case for the redevelopment in the new year, with work getting under way later in 2017.	A £6.6m plan to improve Llandrindod Wells War Memorial Hospital in Powys has won Welsh Government backing.
The Blades would have secured a top-two finish with a victory over the Sky Blues if Fleetwood had lost at Oxford. However, Fleetwood's 3-1 win means the Blades still need three more points and Chris Wilder's side will go up if they win at Northampton Town on Saturday. Leon Clarke and John Fleck, both former Coventry players, scored to send their old club closer to relegation. Three days on from winning the Checkatrade Trophy at Wembley, Coventry could not extend their three-game winning run in all competitions and they will drop into the fourth tier for the first time since 1959 if they lose at home to Peterborough on Saturday. Striker Clarke turned in Fleck's cross to open the scoring with 20 minutes remaining, and midfielder Fleck's solo effort made the game safe. Wilder will return to Northampton, the club he left to take charge of Sheffield United in May 2016, for the first time on Saturday and an away win will be enough for the Blades end their six-year absence from the second tier. Match ends, Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. Second Half ends, Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. Foul by Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United). Gael Bigirimana (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. John Fleck (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ben Stevenson (Coventry City). Attempt missed. James Hanson (Sheffield United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Foul by Chris Basham (Sheffield United). Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City) wins a free kick on the left wing. John Fleck (Sheffield United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Attempt missed. Jay O'Shea (Sheffield United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Substitution, Sheffield United. Jay O'Shea replaces Billy Sharp. Substitution, Coventry City. George Thomas replaces Ryan Haynes. Goal!  Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. John Fleck (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by John Fleck. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by Daniel Lafferty. Goal!  Sheffield United 1, Coventry City 0. Leon Clarke (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by John Fleck. Foul by James Hanson (Sheffield United). Gael Bigirimana (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Hanson (Sheffield United). Jordan Turnbull (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by Jack O'Connell. Foul by John Fleck (Sheffield United). Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt blocked. Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Kevin Foley. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City). Kieron Freeman (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City). Attempt saved. Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Foul by Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United). Jodi Jones (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Chris Basham (Sheffield United). Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Substitution, Sheffield United. Samir Carruthers replaces Mark Duffy. Substitution, Sheffield United. Leon Clarke replaces Jake M Wright. Attempt missed. Jodi Jones (Coventry City) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Second Half begins Sheffield United 0, Coventry City 0.	Leaders Sheffield United defeated bottom club Coventry City but were made to wait for promotion from League One.
"Buckle your seat belts, Emmy viewers!" said Samberg in a statement, promising viewers "a wild ride". The Brooklyn Nine-Nine star will host the ceremony in Los Angeles on 20 September. Samberg performed on SNL for seven seasons, before joining police sitcom Brooklyn Nine-Nine in which he plays Detective Jake Peralta. The role earned him a Golden Globe for best comedy actor last year. "Buckle your seat belts, Emmy viewers! Like, in general you should buckle your seat belts in your car. In fact, even if you're not an Emmy viewer, you should buckle your seat belt. It can be dangerous on the road," Samberg quipped, in a statement "Also, if you're not an Emmy viewer, you should strongly consider becoming one this year, because I'm hosting, and it's gonna be a wild ride." The 36-year-old previously won an Emmy in 2007 for a sketch song he performed on SNL, as part of the comedy troupe The Lonely Island. The song - sometimes known as "Special Treat in a Box" - won Samberg and collaborator Justin Timberlake the Emmy for outstanding original music and lyrics after it became a major viral hit. Fearless As The Lonely Island, Samberg also performed on Everything is Awesome, the hit song from The Lego Movie. Fox TV's Gary Newman and Dana Walden - who will broadcast the live ceremony - said this year's host "had to be Andy". "He is fearless, hilarious, an award-winning comedian, singer, writer and actor with incredible live TV experience. We know he'll deliver the laughs and give viewers an incredible night." Last month, the Television Academy announced new rules for the Emmy Awards. Among the changes will be an increase to the number of nominees in comedy and drama categories, from six to seven. Comedy series must now run for half an hour, or less, per episode, while drama series must run for more than 30 minutes per episode. The award for mini-series was renamed as limited series.	Andy Samberg, best known for Saturday Night Live, will host this year's Primetime Emmy Awards.
The Frenchman, 22, penned a two-year contract with the option of a third year after the clubs agreed a deal worth £50,000 plus future incentives. Fane made 20 appearances for Kidderminster last season as they were relegated from the National League. The midfielder had been on trial at the Latics this summer and impressed in a friendly against Wigan Athletic. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	League One side Oldham Athletic have signed Kidderminster Harriers midfielder Ousmane Fane.
Roland Baker, 93, was invited to last month's London premiere of The Railway Man, starring Colin Firth and Nicole Kidman, but could not make it. The Regal in Stowmarket, Suffolk, stepped in to give him a special reception instead. He worked as forced labour 1942-1945 on the construction and maintenance of the Thailand-Burma railway. The Suffolk Regiment private was captured following the fall of Singapore in February 1942. He decided not to attend the film's premiere in London because it was too late in the evening for him. People's War: Thailand-Burma Railway Mr Baker, who lives at Bacton near Stowmarket, rang his local cinema to see if they would be showing the film, which is based on Eric Lomax's book about his time as a PoW in the Far East. David Marsh, from the Regal, said: "We got chatting to him and thought it would be lovely, as he couldn't get to the London red carpet, for us to bring the red carpet to him." Mr Baker said he helped build many large and small bridges, including the one over the River Kwai. He said he and his comrades were fed on just boiled water and rice, which sometimes contained maggots, and by the end of the war his weight had plummeted to 5 stone (31kg) from his normal 11 stone (70kg). "We were underfed, over-worked, had no clothes to wear in the monsoons, were often up to our necks in mud and we had to build our own huts as we moved up the railway," he said. "I had an ulcer on my leg but I got over that, otherwise my leg would have been taken off without anaesthetic using a saw which we used to cut trees down." Two other prisoners of war of the Japanese attended the Stowmarket screening - the Suffolk Regiment's Pte Percy Wells, 91, from Woodbridge, and Harold Lock, 90, from Sudbury, who was in the Royal Navy. Brian Wright, chairman of the Suffolk Old Comrades club, said 2,000 members of the Suffolk Regiment were prisoners of the Japanese and 760 died while working on the railway. "Veterans don't always talk about their experiences as Japanese PoWs, but they went through hell," he said. "This cinema event is a token of respect for the sacrifices people like Roland made for the world."	A prisoner of the Japanese during World War Two has been given the red carpet treatment at his local cinema.
A Freedom of Information request revealed in February that state secondary schools performed worse at GCSEs than almost all UK schools. Jim Westwater from the education department said the overall percentage of pupils getting the top grades in Jersey was up on 2010. He said 73.6% of Jersey pupils achieved an A* to C grade at GCSE. Mr Westwater said the delay in releasing individual school results was so they could fully verify them. He said: "We had one examination board who failed to send results for their subject." He said that the initial results did show that the State-run secondary schools had performed worse than UK schools. "If we look at the facts then yes that is the case, but what we have to look at is that we have a very selective system. "We look at the island results of overall and they tell us what the general population is doing. "What we are doing is creating a very segregated system and the results overall are the results that are most important," he said. Education Minister, Deputy James Reed, came under pressure to release individual results after the difference between fee paying and state-run schools was revealed. The privately-run Beaulieu convent school released their results with pupils gaining a 100% pass rate. It said more than a third of students gained A* or A grades. Beaulieu's Headmaster, Chris Beirne, said: "As a non-academically selective school, we are delighted with today's GCSE results. "We are thrilled for the significant number of students who have really excelled this year and we are extremely proud of their achievements." When the figures were released in February Deputy Reed said the low grades were down to Jersey's "highly selective" education system. Jersey has four state-run secondary schools as well as two single sex fee-paying grammar schools, two Catholic private schools and a post-14 selective grammar school.	Jersey's education department said it would take about two months to release individual schools' GCSE results.
Felix Damm was detailing the extent of Schumacher's injuries in a lawsuit against German magazine, Bunte. The magazine had reported last Christmas that the seven-time world champion could walk again. But Mr Damm said that Schumacher, 47, was unable even to stand with the help of specialists. Bunte had quoted a source at the end of last year as saying that Schumacher could manage some steps with the help of therapists and could raise an arm. At the time, Schumacher's agent, Sabine Kehm, released a statement denying the story, saying: "Unfortunately we are forced by a recent press report to clarify that the assertion that Michael could move again is not true. "Such speculation is irresponsible, because given the seriousness of his injuries, his privacy is very important. Unfortunately they also give false hopes to many involved people." Schumacher suffered a head injury in a skiing accident in France in 2013. He was placed in a medically induced coma for six months before being transferred to his home in Switzerland to continue his treatment. Very little is known of the sports icon's recovery as his family has strongly protected his privacy. In February, his former boss at Ferrari, Luca di Montezemolo, said: "I have news and unfortunately it is not good."	A lawyer for Michael Schumacher has told a court in Germany that the former Formula 1 world champion "cannot walk" following his skiing injury.
The Trade Union Bill, being debated in the Lords on Monday, would require Labour-affiliated union members to "opt in" to paying a levy to the party. Labour believes three million fewer members of the biggest unions would agree, impacting on its structure. Internal party changes are already set to cut union members' contributions. Labour is also set to lose out by about £1.3m a year when state funding for opposition parties - known as Short money - is cut. Ministers have said political parties should make their contribution to tackling the deficit. A Labour Party document shared with the Guardian newspaper makes clear the scale of the potential threat from the new bill to Labour's finances. Unions are said to currently provide 20% of Labour's core funding and according to the Guardian, the estimated fall in funding will make it impossible for Labour to maintain its current structure, staffing or offices. "With an annual salary cost in excess of over 50% of total costs, it is clear that current staffing levels could not be sustained," the party document is reported to say. "In addition to a staffing review, all contracts would need to be challenged to remove any discretionary costs and offices considered for sale or sublet." Members of the 14 Labour-affiliated unions, which includes Unite, the GMB, Unison, the Communication Workers Union and the Usdaw, currently contribute automatically, but can opt out if they wish. The legislation going through Parliament would see union members having to "opt in" every five years to pay a political levy as part of their fees. BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins says Labour is facing a considerable financial challenge and it is in the party's interest to highlight the impact the new law would have. Lord Collins, a former Labour general secretary, tells the Guardian: "These changes are entirely partisan, unfair and going to hit the income of the party and union political funds very hard. "No balancing measure is being taken to cap the donations of the Conservative Party." Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said the new bill, which also proposes tighter rules on strike ballots, was "about democracy and accountability" and "not a declaration of war" against unions.	The Labour Party fears its annual income could fall by £6m as a result of legal changes to the way it gets funds from the unions, documents suggest.
Daw ei sylwadau wrth i'r Mesur Diddymu gael ei gyhoeddi, fydd yn trosglwyddo deddfau Ewropeaidd yn ôl i'r DU yn dilyn Brexit. Dywedodd yr Ysgrifennydd Brexit, David Davis y byddai'n "gweithio gydag unrhyw un" i sicrhau bod y ddeddf yn cael ei phasio'n llwyddiannus. Mae'r blaid Lafur eisoes wedi dweud na fyddan nhw'n ei chefnogi fel ag y mae hi, gyda'r pleidiau eraill hefyd yn codi pryderon. Bwriad y mesur yw diddymu Deddf Cymunedau Ewropeaidd 1972 - wnaeth ddod â Phrydain yn rhan o'r UE - a hynny ar ddiwrnod cyntaf Brexit. Byddai hynny'n golygu na fyddai deddfau Ewropeaidd newydd yn cael eu rhoi ar waith yn y DU mwyach, ond byddai deddfau presennol yn parhau i fod mewn grym tan iddyn nhw gael eu newid neu ddiddymu. Dyw'r mesur ddim yn rhoi manylion ar ba bolisïau fydd yn cael eu trosglwyddo, dim ond eu bod nhw i gyd yn dod yn gyfraith ddomestig maes o law. Byddai'r DU hefyd yn cael dwy flynedd i gywiro unrhyw "wallau" oedd yn codi o'r mesur. Does dim disgwyl i ASau drafod y mesur nes yr hydref, ond bydd angen iddo gael ei basio erbyn i'r DU adael yr UE ym mis Mawrth 2019. Dyna pryd y byddai'r gwrthbleidiau yn gobeithio sicrhau newidiadau i'r mesur, wrth iddyn nhw geisio manteisio ar ddiffyg mwyafrif y Ceidwadwyr yn Nhŷ'r Cyffredin. Dywedodd Mr Davis y byddai'r mesur yn caniatau i Brexit ddigwydd gyda'r "sicrwydd, dilyniant a'r rheolaeth mwyaf posib". "Wrth weithio gyda'n gilydd, er lles y wlad, fe allwn ni sicrhau fod gennym ni system gyfreithiol fydd yn gweithio'n iawn ar y diwrnod rydyn ni'n gadael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd," meddai. Yn y cyfamser mae Dirprwy Lefarydd Tŷ'r Cyffredin, Eleanor Laing wedi dweud y bydd ymchwiliad yn cael ei gynnal wedi i'r mesur ymddangos ar wefan y Senedd cyn iddo gael ei gyflwyno'n ffurfiol i ASau. Mae Carwyn Jones wedi beirniadu'r mesur fodd bynnag gan ei ddisgrifio fel "ymgais hyf gan Lundain i fachu pŵer" ac "ymosodiad ar ddatganoli". "Rydyn ni wedi ceisio trafod gyda Llywodraeth y DU sawl gwaith, ac wedi cyflwyno cynigion adeiladol ynghylch ffyrdd o sicrhau Brexit sy'n anrhydeddu canlyniad y refferendwm, diogelu'r economi a pharchu datganoli," meddai. "Yn anffodus, mae'n hymdrechion i weithio gyda Llywodraeth y DU wedi'u hanwybyddu'n llwyr. Yn hytrach na thrafodaeth aeddfed ac adeiladol, mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dangos anwybodaeth syfrdanol wrth gyhoeddi'r Bil hwn, sy'n sarhad i'r gwledydd datganoledig." Ychwanegodd nad oedd "gobaith" y byddai'r Cynulliad yn cytuno i gynnwys y mesur os nad oedd yn "cael ei ddiwygio". Ar hyn o bryd mae'r prif weinidog ym Mrwsel er mwyn cyfarfod Michael Barnier, y dyn fydd yn trafod Brexit ar ran yr UE, a hynny er mwyn cyflwyno gweledigaeth Llywodraeth Cymru ar Brexit iddo. Fe wnaeth Mr Jones hefyd gyhoeddi datganiad ar y cyd â Prif Weinidog yr Alban, Nicola Sturgeon yn amlinellu eu safbwynt ar y Mesur Diddymu ymhellach. Dywed y datganiad: "Fe ddechreuodd yr wythnos gyda'r Prif Weinidog [Theresa May] yn galw am ddull cydweithiol ac adeiladol gan y rhai y tu allan i Whitehall i gynorthwyo gwneud Brexit yn iawn. "Cyhoeddi'r Mesur (Gadael) Yr Undeb Ewropeaidd heddiw oedd y prawf cyntaf i weld a yw llywodraeth y DU o ddifrif am hynny. Maen nhw wedi methu'r prawf yn llwyr. "Mae [y mesur] yn ymosodiad ar egwyddorion sylfaenol datganoli ac fe allai ansefydlogi ein heconomïau." Yn y cyfamser mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhuddo Llywodraeth y DU o fygwth y wlad gydag "argyfwng cyfansoddiadol" wrth geisio "cryfhau gafael Llundain ar Gymru". "Rydw i'n gandryll fod Llywodraeth Prydain yn gallu bod mor ddigywilydd wrth dresmasu ar y genedl Gymreig, a bod ein Llywodraeth Lafur yng Nghymru wedi bod mor ddi-glem yn eu gwrthwynebu," meddai Liz Saville Roberts AS. "Mae'r prif weinidog wedi methu yn ei rwymedigaethau ac wedi caniatáu i'r Ceidwadwyr rwygo'r rheolau ar ddatganoli - mae wedi esgeuluso'i ddyletswydd fel prif weinidog y wlad." Ychwanegodd: "Bydd [y mesur] yn sicrhau unwaith eto fod modd i San Steffan ddeddfu mewn materion Cymreig sydd wedi eu datganoli i Lywodraeth Cymru." Ar ran y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol dywedodd y Farwnes Christine Humphreys: "Mae hwn yn ymgais bwriadol, oer, i danseilio pobl Cymru gan roi'r hawl i weinidogion Whitehall i wyrdroi penderfyniad gafodd eu gwneud gan ein llywodraeth etholedig ni. "Fe bleidleisiodd pobl dros adael yr UE am eu bod yn teimlo bod yr UE yn rhy bwerus... fe fydd pobl hefyd yn gwrthod biwrocratiaeth chwyddiedig Whitehall gyda gwleidyddion barus yn ceisio bachu mwy o bwerau." Mynnodd UKIP ar y llaw arall fod Carwyn Jones yn "croesi'r ffordd i chwilio am ffrae gyda San Steffan", a bod y mesur am drosglwyddo pwerau Ewropeaidd mewn meysydd datganoledig i'r Cynulliad. "Does dim sail i bryderon y prif weinidog," meddai Neil Hamilton, arweinydd grŵp UKIP yn y Cynulliad. "Oes unrhyw syndod nad yw'n cael ei gymryd o ddifrif yn San Steffan?"	Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru, Carwyn Jones wedi cyhuddo Llywodraeth y DU o geisio "bachu pŵer" oddi wrth y gwledydd datganoledig.
Jack Stephens said Ranieri had "done the impossible" by helping Leicester win the Premier League and was the team's "greatest ever manager". He invited fellow fans to show their gratitude ahead of Leicester's home game against Liverpool. It is Leicester's first game since Ranieri was sacked. Jack, from Leicester, said: "I wasn't very pleased because I personally thought it was the wrong decision. "As a chairman I think you need to show more loyalty to your manager." Fans gathered at the Clock Tower at 18:00 GMT where they sang Leicester City and Claudio Ranieri songs alongside a gospel choir from De Montfort University. They then marched through the city, finishing at the King Power Stadium at 19:45. Jack's mother Lucy said there had been a lot of interest in the celebration - including from Italian news media - after Jack and his 18-year-old sister promoted it on Facebook. "We've had messages from Spain and abroad and it's really got people going," she said. "Obviously because Ranieri is such a classy man he's not said anything against anybody." Ranieri said his "dream died" when he was sacked nine months after winning the Premier League. Former Leicester City player Gary Lineker admitted the sacking made him "shed a tear" and said: "I think they should be building statues to him, not sacking him."	Dozens of people have turned out to honour Claudio Ranieri after a peaceful march was organised by an 11-year-old Leicester City fan.
Newson, who won bronze at London 2012 and Rio 2016, beat five-time Paralympian Natalie Blake into second, with 16-year-old Olivia Broome third. Invictus Games gold medallist Micky Yule was men's 72kg+ champion and Alfie Wright won the women's +62kg event. Jo Calvino took her 21st British Weightlifting women's 48kg title. There were also golds for London 2012 athlete Jack Oliver (men's 77kg) and Guy Michel Thuissi (men's 85kg) Rio Olympian Rebekah Tiler missed the event in protest over funding cuts.	Double Paralympic medallist Zoe Newson retained her women's up-to-62kg title at the British Weightlifting and Para-Powerlifting Championships in Coventry.
