Overall A Good Story I enjoyed the movie. The plot could have used some improvement but the overall love story between Aisha's mom and Larry was touching. I also thought Aisha's journey of self-discovery was captured very well. The ending of the movie was the best!	middle
Will work with Skype...but not with Xlite or other VoIP software Basically adds another audio playback/recording device to your PC.To really use it as a phone a software integrates it to Skype. There is a version to integrate it to Xlite but you will need a specific version of Xlite to make it workOverall a good product for the price. But...do you really need it?	middle
Kids not Coaches I agree with the previous reviewers comments regarding the effectiveness of this DVD in motivating young players to work on their game. From a coaches perspective, however, the DVD seems to be more about Magic and his friends than it is about basketball fundamentals. Way too much chatter and way too few drills to justify the purchase price. There are much better fundamentals videos on the market. The "star factor" for young players earns the DVD three stars.	middle
most interested mounteneering book give more people's experience when climbed this mountain would give more thing to learn	middle
Burn After Ready burn after reading is a querqy dark comedy. cohen bros style.Its a good movie, with a twist or two. Not the best work by Brad Pitt and Clooney, but good enough for a watch.7 out of 10	middle
Good Price for 4x DVD+RW, but quality is mixed I've burned about 9 DVD+RWs from my spindle. I've had two failed burns. The burns failed and the disc cannot be erased. I've tried multiple programs and with no success to erase these bad discs. My hardware is LG GSA-4081B with latest firmware (v1.04). The other 7 discs have had no problems. Using DVDinfoPro2 I found the disc media info to be listed as Ricoh.I would not buy these again, because they are unreliable. The quality of these DVD+RWs varies too much to use for important data archives.	middle
Apollo 18 This is a good film. However the copy I received was zone coded for the United States when it should have been zone coded for the United Kingdom. My DVD player would not accept it but I did manage to view it on my computer but had no sound track. This product has been returned to the senders address.	middle
Informative but very repeatative This rather small book could have been a lot smaller if they had pulled out some of the repeatative information. I found the information regarding the emotional behaviour of a 12 - 24 month old (focusing largely on 18 months where they say most changes occur) useful, but I felt like I was in a grade school class room. Chapters and even paragraphs repeat entire sections of already presented information.I was able to read the entire book in two sittings. I'll go back and make some notes and then probably resell the book. I can summarize most of the book in two to three pages.	middle
The Amazing Laws of Cosmic Mind Power This book had good content contained in a lot of stories about things that happened. They left me with a good feeling.For us, Cosmic Mind Power either exists or doesn't. How it is manifest depends on our belief.This was a good read, but not as powerful as other books by Joseph Murphy. Probably the reason (just my opinion) was less chance for analysis and reflection	middle
Dissapointing Only 8 episodes not in order as the Tv broadcasted,the last one compressed and fast paced.Only the die cast collectible makes the set worth.I hope Lions Gate learn the lesson and the last release of the series can be better.I'll be waiting.	middle
A bit too big for a person who has an apartment It doesn't mix ingredients that are on the very bottom of the bowl. It is easy to clean, but is quite heavier than I had expected. I think this product would be fine if you have extra counter space. I think it's a bit pricey and I'm actually using a hand mixer instead of my expensive KitchenAid mixer. I have had this product for 4 years, so it seems to be holding up alright thus far.	middle
Does the job but I think the nylon protec pouch may be better This is a decent mouthpiece pouch for the price (I got it for around $5) but I think the nylon one may be a better choice. The biggest difference is that it's a lot bulkier. This is mostly because of the leather and the shape in which the pouch is made. The magnetic enclosure also adds to this. Another detractor is that the leather is very cheap feeling but you do get what you pay for. All in all its an okay pouch but I would suggest the nylon protec pouch if they are at similar price points.	middle
So,If JOHN WAYNE GACY had lost his house to banks ! Stars : Mike GaglioDirected by: Anthony FankhauserMaybe SCARIER than' Paranormal Entity',Just because we recognize this ghost as pure evil.Great group of ghost hunters who literally gave their last breath to entertain us.Not a fan of poster,Could have used some clown ghost image ?Need to google the real house that John Wayne Gacy did his thing in and see `Wassup?'.All the doors and closets leading nowhere reminds one of ` Mystery Of The Winchester House' too.Some of the ghost hunters were alot rounder and softer than Gacy was used to,Guess that's a cop-out to reality television ratings.	middle
Doesn't always hold up... This is a very enjoyable devotional book, or just a book to sit down with on a rainy day. I didn't really get much out of it, though, either about Lord of the Rings or Christianity. Some of the "parallels" the author draws between characters in LotR and real life are flimsy and don't make much sense--she compares Faramir, for example, to someone you see at a party one night, having a great old time, and leading a Bible study the next. Huh? It maybe could have benefited from some more in-depth looks at certain things.But it's good, especially for Lord of the Rings-obsessed Christians.	middle
Not Bad, But There Must Be Better Ones Goes on easily, looks fine right after application. But it doesn't last more than a few days, even if conditions are dry. I'm still looking for a better product.UPDATE: There IS a better one....Meguiar's "Endurance" tire shine. It's a little pricier but lasts much longer.	middle
Just OK My 3 yr old loves this case but its kinda pointless in my opinion... the zipper is really hard to do and there is no wrist strap... fine for my daughter because she doesn't know any better but im not 100% satisfyed...	middle
great product excatly what i ordered. great looking product. gave it to my husband as a christmas gift and he loved it. a lot cheaper than what i saw at the mall sold for $40.00. loved the price and quality.	wonderful
This lens sounds great, but you may want to get a Canon S95 instead In reading the reviews about this lens I really started to want one for my Canon EOS, but then I realized that for about the same money, my S95 Powershot gives me similar lens capabilities and it's a self contained camera with excellent ISO range. Probably isn't going to give quite the image quality that this lens will, but it's very impressive. I think if you're considering buying this lens and you're not a pro and don't like lugging around a your big DSLR all the time you will love the S95. Don't get me wrong, I still want the 28mm too!	wonderful
A Great Read Not only is Professor Rhodes's book far from boring, but rare in that it allows easy access to a scholar's interpretation of Greek architecture. I was lucky enough to have been a student in a few of the Professor's classes. A wonderful read for those expanding their knowledge on Greek architecture, or those just beginning.	wonderful
The Potty Book worked for us! When we were traing our daughter we tried everything and nothing was working until I bought The Potty Book for Girls. She loved it and shortly after reading it a few times she was motivated to use the potty just like the little girl in the book. Now that our son is starting to show interest in potty training, this is the first book I'm turning to. It's exactly like the one for girls only it's about a little boy. I'm hoping it will work for him just as well as it did for our daughter.	wonderful
The Bible Of Bibles!!!!! The Amplified Bible is the bible of bibles! 12years ago when I started reading the bible I started with the NIV which I still recomend to beginners. The Amplified has become my primary bible! Alot of reviewers here recomend that you use it as a great second bible, but I have no problem using as my primary, I just fell in love with it. I have owned and deeply studied many translations NIV, NLT, KJV, NASB, ESV, RSV, NAB, NJB, the list goes on and on. I highly reccomend the Amplified Bible. Once you get used to all the parenthesis and brackets, diving into and digging into the Word Of God becomes a pure joy!	wonderful
Wow! So helpful I would recommend this as a third book after reading "The Power of Now" and "A New Earth". This book answered so many of the specific questions I had about how to bring consciousness into my life. have the audio version, and keep it in my car. For me, hearing Eckhart Tolle read his books adds a level of understanding that I just don't get when I read them myself.	wonderful
Great Book This book was in great shape for a penny. I have not finish reading it yet but so far it is very good	wonderful
Never had a battery issue When purchasing the thermometer I was a bit taken aback by the many reviews complaining about lousy battery life on the remote sensing unit. Given it's low price and the fact that I could return it should it disappoint in that regard, I decided to take a risk and order the unit.I was pleasantly surprised, as we're now well within the 3rd month and still on the first battery set. Not only that, but the battery indicator still shows full.Temperature readouts are large enough to be seen from a few feet away, and it's small an unobtrusive overall.	wonderful
Great workout for an easy and fast weightloss I first used Slim in 6 in 2005 when my first child was 1yr old. I wish I found it sooner but I'm not even sure it was available then. I have used this workout after all 3 of my kids and it worked every time. If you commit yourself to the full 6 weeks AND follow some sort of a healthy diet, it will work. It does get pretty boring but it's only 6 weeks and after about 4 weeks you will feel and see results. I have also tried Power 90 by Tony Horton from Beachbody which is in the same category and I have to say that I would recommend Slim in 6. It's only 6 weeks and it works....3 months is way too long for me! Although I love Tony's workouts, this one is better!And after you finish this, you can move on to Slim Series. The only drawback is that they are long, about an hour each workout but they are great. Debbie is a wonderful instructor.	wonderful
Brilliant I had a party on the 22nd of December. As soon as I played this cd, everyone came to see who it was. Some know Peggy's sound, some don't. Babyboomers like me appreciate the trip back memory line when television had tons of variety shows and holiday themes starting the first of December. The sound is clean and sweet. If you love Peggy.....buy it.	wonderful
Simply Calphalon Nonstick Aluminum 2-Quart Saucepan with Cover All the Simply Calphalon products are excellent in design and quality of materials. The only thing we don't like is you can't put them in the dishwasher since that will damage the anodized outer finish. However, it's very easy to clean the saucepan after use, so this is not a reason to look elsewhere. Note: I put a 4 quart saucepan in the dishwasher several times, the finish was discolored, and then I applied olive oil to the finish and let it sit overnight. It seems to have worked. If you have the same issue, try a little olive oil.	wonderful
Informative easy read i received this book sooner than i thought & in excellent condition. the information contained therein is in a simple to read & refer back to format.	wonderful
Good CD When picking from the two albums I picked the more acoustic one over the digital one. I'm glad this is one of the best cds I heard in a long time. Conor Oberst is a great songwriter and these acoustic gems are worthwhile. With alot of country influences throughout the record, Oberst has the legendary Emmylou Harris appearing on three beautiful track. His voice might need some getting used to, but it sounds kind of sorrowful and his lyrics are rich and wonderful. Favorites include At The Bottom Of Everything, We Are Nowhere And It's Now (with Emmylou Harris), Old Soul Song (For The New World Order), Lua, First Day Of My Life, Landlocked Blues (with Emmylou Harris), and Poison Oak. Highly Recommended.	wonderful
Comfort and qualtiy The slip-on shoes from Clarks are very comfortable and excellent quality for the price.	wonderful
The Little Mermaid DVD This was requested by our granddaughters and we were so happy to find in on Amazon. It is very good.	wonderful
Dolls for the Amateurs If you don't have an Idea of how to begin making dolls this is the book that will take you from the beginning to the end. You want to get creative and make abstract projects this is it. If you already know the process of making dolls this book will only enhance the way to make them. The book has explanations on how to create a tye-dye fabric for dolls and also painted fabric. I think once you get into the process you will enjoy the book as much as I have.	wonderful
Quit your b!+c#!ng The discs are too expensive, boo hoo, wah wah! Get over it. I agree that the HBO folks SHOULD have lowered the price to make up for the fact that it was a truncated season, but the fact is that they DIDN'T. The product description clearly tells you that you're getting eight episodes. If you don't want to spend the money for eight episodes, then don't. Nobody's holding a gun to your heads. A true fan will savor every moment of the show and wouldn't think of holding it against the Fab Four that the people who produce the DVD's of their show are overcharging us. I wouldn't miss a single episode because of a few dollars. Check out Daniel Sunjata's appearance in the first episode of the season, "Anchors Away", which was his introduction to many of his fans.	good
Not Terry Kath A Great Band! I believe the guitarist is "Al DeCarlo". Al & Hawk were also in "Bangor Flying Circus" (Another Great Band)! Some very good listening>	good
I like it! I would have to say i was surpised to see the ring the day I was to actually get it! I love the ring. It is sooo pretty just what i thought it would look like in the picture. Thanks Alot!	good
Good product for the price Good product so far. I have only used it for two or so weeks, and has serve its purpose. Plastic case seems a little fragile, though. For the price, however is a good buy. Hope this helps.	good
Encourages imagination! I knew what I was looking for but was pleasantly surprised at the savings I got by ordering through Amazon instead of a local store. It came in a aim box with the Fisher Price words and logo but no pictures. That was fine by me since my grandson is only 19 months old. Great toy, exceptional value!	good
Absoluteley sickening-ONLY PLAY IF YOUR REALLY MAD Because aside of the cool game play, great Jedi Knight II quality graphics and sound, very good AI, and both great sp and mp modes etc, the animated blood & gore + voilence in this game is too nasty. You can literally tear people apart by using just a knife to make their face a blood festival and just cut half of it off etc. It's nasty. And so are the blood sounds. They actuall BLEED when they fall to the floor. And limp when you shoot them in the leg. TOO REALISTIC! Besides that, it ran fine, especially with my new 9500 pro. I cranked up the resolution to 1024x768 and all other settings maximum and still ran like a smooth buttah. I don't suggest this game for gamers that can't take M rated quality gore & blood + animated voilence, or even AO quality, because this game is the nastiest game i have ever seen in my LIFE. I don't suggest this for every gamer...:/(although is a great game overall)	good
Don't trust the Government Excellent movie for its time and even today. The Government is still running games and trying to manipulate the public. Loved the music as well.	good
Book Item was delivered quickly. Since I had never purchased a used book before, perhaps my expectations were a bit high. The book is definitely readable and the price was right.	good
Nice bulb The original bulb on this Princeton Tech Surge/torrent don't last long.The new bulb is very nice and bright.I sure hope it lasts longer than the last one.The cost of the bulb and the shipping charge are about equal.It cost about twenty dollars to get the bulb replaced.It would probably be cheaper to get it at a dive store due to the extortive shipping charges.The actual entirely new flash light only cost $39.00.	good
Good Tube Bought this for my son's bike. He and I installed it with a new tire andi t was very easy to work with. I suggest you blow it up a little and get all the folds out of it before install. Defalt and it goes in tire easily. Has been holding air since day one and is on a daily rider. Good tube for the price.	good
Works on my Nokia N73 I bought this memory for my Nokia N73, not knowing it is compatibl, but it did. The memory has pretty good speed when copying files.	good
Spacey I thought it was going to be smaller, but it is actually an average size and very spacey, my make-up and other things fit just right.	good
Terk Weatherproof splitter I was in need of a splitter for our new Dish-less, and cable-less, entertainment set up. Upon research, this add on item proved just the ticket. No big surprises, it just works. No dirt added to the signal, clean pass through.Thank you.	good
Surge Protection So far so good. Haven't had any problem, but there has not been any lightning in our area, so don't know how well it works.	good
No scruples on my conscience! The book has totally changed my view on management of my business and the way my business is run. The book points out all the good things that business' could do and all the things that business' don't do. I know my business certainly does do them all now. This is a revolutionary book and the first of its kind. A fantastic pioneering venture into the world of Corporate Responsibility! Well done Mr. Cowe for this fantastic editorial. When's the next book?	good
A few good tracks This album is a mixture of artists who have worked with Chip Davis in previous projects. Some of the songs are really good, some are not so good; in the ned it is worth the cost to add to the music collection the songs that are noteworthy.	good
Floating Lounge Chair not worth 59.00 Overpriced for what you get. The material it is made from is durable. The seat sits you awkwardly and you have to deflate it in some areas to make it confortable. Overall my best advice is to try a different float.	terrible
don't buy I Just bought a one anf tried in sacramento area.The sound quality is really bad. I tried all channels and tried to reduce the volume too. You can't enjoy the music coming through this gadget, quality of sound is not good at all.	terrible
Nothing But Trouble With DR-MV1S I bought it in May 2004. In Jan 2005 had the "Loading Bug". JVC Repair center "fixed" it. In Dec 2005, same problem was fixed under an extended warranty for $70.00. On July 3rd 2006 it now will not come on at all and all warranties are expired. JVC says "Sorry".	terrible
Please, make it stop. This has to be one of the fluffiest, most pretentious, and insubstantial CDs I've ever heard. I'm deeply thankful I didn't buy this tripe, especially after hearing the overplayed "Get What You Give". While this band clearly has musical talent, the songs are too cutesy and repetitive to tolerate for more than say, 5 seconds. With time, they might be able to pull together something more creative, but for now, let's just give them some nice parting gifts and thank them for being on the show.	terrible
I never received this book. I ordered it but it never came I need you to check to see what happened to my Eat, Live, Pray.I never received it.	terrible
RAZR 3 This phone was a European RAZR. I am on Cingular and you cannot link to the web on this phone regardless of what you hear. Also, none of the SIM card applications work because of this. The lack of web access really lessens the value of the phone.The phone itself works great -- great reception and great battery life.	terrible
POORLY DONE "Surprised By Faith" is weak and superficial. With all its faults and failings "The Case For Christ" by Lee Strobel is a much better book.	terrible
TERRIBLE DRYER -- ONLY BLOWS COLD AIR I'd like to give this blow dryer 0 stars - because it is worthless. Only blows cold air. Unfortunately, by the time I actually took it out to use it, my return window had expired so I'm stuck with it. DO NOT BUY	terrible
They are bimbos not all American. Terrible acting. WHat was with the car chases? I didn't like the part with the submarine either. Steven Spielberg should be ashamed!	terrible
Great Expectations... I was hoping this would be the ideal soother for my son's room, but the thing made a grinding mechanical noise once I put the batteries in.I returned it the next day.I would not recommend this product, nor would I purchase anything from this company again.The toy appears to be cheaply made, and the grinding mechanical noise told me that they probably used sub standard parts, I began to worry that this thing might even catch fire if I kept it in my house.	terrible
Hate to bash anything green but... Whether or not these paper towels are made from recycled products or not, they are the worst pt I've ever used. I was only using them for drying hands at the sink and they weren't even sturdy enough for that. They practically disolve in your hands. Sorry guys but you have to put a little more paper in your paper towels.	terrible
Junk. This software has been an extreme disapointment.It's basically a loose bundling of packages from 4 different companies. No integration, just 5 packages from 4 different companies under one installer.One of the packages wouldn't even install properly.Learningco doesn't seem to have any support for this product anywhere on their web site, nor any updates.The original vendors of the packages won't support them because they're not FULL versions of the included software. You will, however, run across many opportunities to pay extra to upgrade to supported "full" versions during your quest for help.Junk.	terrible
WARNING!!! This TV is good in all ways but the ONE thing I bought it for: HD. I bought the $100 HDMI cable to get true HD and this TV does NOT support HDCP (Copy Protection) when I connect it to my HD-DVR cable from Time Warner in NYC. Before you buy this or any HDTV, check to make sure it does not block you from getting HD because of HDCP. It varies by specific TV model, and not by brand. One Samsung TV may allow, while another may block. This information is not readily available on the checklist of features that you use to comparison shop, so find that out BEFORE you buy and get stuck like I did. I would totally return this TV had I not already thrown away the box.	terrible
YAWN I can't think what the original reviewer found in this book to give it the rateing it received. I decided to buy this because of that rateing. It was the worst thing that I read this year and I read a couple of books a week.Who picked the cover for this trainwreck? It has nothing to do with what is between the covers. He is attractive and that may be the reason right there.Save your money!	terrible
no originals=inferior product There is no excuse for the original versions to be missing from a "complete" set. A very, very poor value compared to the discs for Alien, Aliens, Close Encounters, Blade Runner or Apocalypse Now. (to say nothing of the hundreds of blu-rays of films from the '70s and 80s, from Roger Corman schlock to Raging Bull and everything in between. Releases that somehow managed to make the effort to create brand new HD discs from the best elements available. An effort that is apparently too much to ask of this billion-dollar series. (And yet not too much for TANGO AND CASH.) Order canceled.	terrible
This item is junk I ordered this item and it arrived broken. It is simply a set of flimsy keys mounted on a thin piece of aluminum backing. I returned it and requested a refund. I have yet to hear from the vendor. Stay away from this vendor or this item in particular.	terrible
Discontinued Product National Geographic has discontinued this TOPO! series in favor of their newer approaches to displaying topographical maps. They do not support the product on OS X Mountain Lion. NG and Amazon are still offering TOPO! for sale for a few states and unless you need and ask for support from NG the marketing does not mention it is discontinued and unsupported for the latest OS X.Since my FedEx delivery occurred to the wrong address and was not found for about a month it is too late to return the software but that is what it deserves.The concept of displaying topographical maps without borders is a good one and if the software worked reliably and was marketed honestly it would be worth about half of the asking price.	bad
GQ no more The beginning of the end of GQ was the exit of Art Cooper, et al and their replacement by a new generation of editors of whom O'Brien is one.Richman andIt's not so much that O'Brien is terrible, but when you compare the writing in this book with that of Cooper and the old GQ, you see what style really is, and how far the magazine has fallen into the realm of boys magazines, e.g., Maxim.America could really use a real men's magazine again.	bad
Deceptive Ending Dan Brown has hit upon a formula for his novels where (if you've read some of them) you will recognize the protagonist, the nomitive antagonist, a supporting character(s) who you are lead to believe is working for the antagonist and, finally (and near the end), the actual bad guy. The bad guy's identity is usually a surprise in that the material preceding the finale is even handed and unbiased.Brown has followed this formula for at least 4 of the books I have read, and frankly it is wearing thin.He has always managed to serve up politically neutral material before this one, however. But not here.He has taken pains to paint one political party as above board and sacrifing and the other to be featured by a self-centered, abusive personality. He has even taken the opportunity to paint the nation's military in an unfavorable light.Altogether a disappointing book!	bad
Too $$$ Buy the 25-pack on Amazon. Also, the price each for the (CAT5e) item is about 40% higher than Lowes' 5-pack ($17.00)	bad
big price difference between tablet and softgel versions The 120 softgel version is almost 50% more expensive than the tablet version. I thought I was getting a good deal by ordering the tablet version, having bought the softgel version previously. But the nutrition label of the tablet bottle, even though yielding the same 2mg Astaxanthin as the softgel bottle, shows a very different amount of the raw materials ( Haematococcus pluvialis algae extract ) used to make the 2mg Astanxanthin, than the softgel bottle label. I asked Source Naturals about this big difference via email but they never replied. In addition, the softgel version indicates "AstaREAL" but the tablet version does not. So one has to be careful to examine the differences between a softgel and tablet version of the same supplement supplied by the same supplier.	bad
Not sure WHAT to think????? I have been taking these pills faithfully for 6 weeks.... every day I take 9 because I wanted to speed up the process..Well my boobs kind of feel a little fuller but not noticing a change....I am starting to get pimples which I never get...BUT I am in a better mood since I have been taking these...So I guess something good has come out of this..I just bought 2 more bottles so I will finish them and if there's no change I am done with them...I might try some other brand I am not giving up...I will write back and let you know if anything changes....	bad
The Island or Never Let Me Go??? I usually adore Ishiguro's work but this one falls short of the mark. I still enjoyed the writing but the story didn't deliver. Like other reviewers said, it was too similar to the sci-fi movie "The Island". Furthermore, there was a build-up as if some big secret was going to be revealed and nothing came of it. I will still keep on reading his novels because I love his style.	bad
Sooo slooow I eagerly awaited the release of the Opera browser for the DS. My girlfriend tried to talk me out of buying it, but I had faith in Opera after using the top notch Wii browser. Now, I have buyer's remorse. Before I bought it, I had already come to terms with it's lack of Flash. After I started using it, though, I realized there were bigger problems. It takes minutes upon minutes to load anything. Loading a single Facebook page takes on average 2-3 minutes with images disabled. This application is basically useless to me. I could see it being of some use if you're stranded on a deserted island with only your DS, assuming the deserted island has wifi, and you have many hours of time to kill whilst awaiting your rescue.I'm already eager for the next gen of the DS so that Opera can put out a real browser. Only buy this as an emergency browser, since everyday usage is pointless.	bad
Insults the intelligence of intelligent women I was eager to read this book, as I think that full-figured women are underrepresented in most of the popular arts, fiction included. It's nice that Jennifer Weiner's heroine, Cannie, is a strong and confident woman despite being "over"weight.But in addition to being strong and confident, she's superficial, intellectually insipid and has the cultural tastes of a 15-year-old girl. Her emotional responses are predictable and housewife-ish; her star-struck "Hollywood" adventures are the stuff of Tigerbeat. The plot is aimless and disappointing, and the ending has absolutely no surprises. This book is for women who love watching Oprah and The View. So I guess if you're a fan of both those shows, you'll like this book. I thought it sucked.	bad
It's ok This book does have summaries of her cases and some examples. I just feel that the book jumps around and the book doesn't flow very well. I found quite a few grammar errors. It seems almost like you're reading a journal or having a conversation with her. So it's ok in that aspect. I guess I was expecting more details of the other side. For instance, how the spirits get there? What do they do all day? Does Mrs. Dubois believe in reincarnation like other mediums? Etc.	bad
Pretty Pictures Not a very enriching book. Got it in the mail, looked at the small detailed photos that covered a spread and felt like this wasn't worth the paper it was printed on.	bad
Another one of those "Could Have Been Written Better" books. Having recently read King Leopold's Ghost, and the in depth descriptions of the atrocities that took place in Africa, I was eager to learn more on the subject. However, this book falls short on the details and fails to put the reader on or anywhere near the ship.	bad
Probably not worth it After buying and reading several of his works, I have yet to be convinced of "Ashida Kim"'s credentials. I'm very wary of an individual who feels he must don an Asian name to gain credibility in writing about martial arts. Therefore everything he says you must take with a grain of salt.Mr. "Kim"'s credentials aside, like all of his other books, this book does contain some very good knowledge, if you look hard enough. But overall this book is vague and provides very little for its reader. There are far better books on martial arts and ninjutsu avalible to readers. Pass on this one.	bad
re-issue of "Bad girl" This album is the same as "Bad Girl", just another name & cover picture: The ballad "Someday" shows that La Toya vocally can do well. The production is weak. The songs are ok. It's dancey pop.	bad
Con Job? The book is splattered with a few good or at least interesting ideas, but you get the feeling that Boaz is trying to peddle off a perpetual motion machine.	bad
Won't stay on the wall This thing works ok, strong magnet, not hard to install etc. Once it is up though the little tabs on the side will not stay put so the thing always falls off. Not too safe when you are dealing with a bar covered with knives.	bad
